christian;m;English
christiana;f;English
christiane;f;German
christianne;f;English (Rare)
christianus;m;Late Roman
christin;f;Swedish
christina;f;English
christine;f;French
christmas;m;English (Rare)
christobel;f;English (Archaic)
christoffel;m;Dutch (Archaic)
christoffer;m;Swedish
christoph;m;German
christophe;m;French
christopher;m;English
christophoros;m;Late Greek
christophorus;m;Late Roman
christos;m;Theology
chrysanta;f;English (Rare)
chrysanthe;f;Greek
chrysanthos;m;Greek
chryseis;f;Greek Mythology
chryses;m;Greek Mythology
chryssa;f;Greek
chrystal;f;English
chucho;m;Spanish
chuck;m;English
chuks;m;Western African
chukwu;m;Mythology
chukwudi;m;Western African
chukwuemeka;m;Western African
chukwuma;m;Western African
chuldah;f;Biblical Hebrew
chun;m;Chinese
chus;m;Spanish
chuy;m;Spanish
chyna;f;English (Modern)
cian;m;Irish
ciannait;f;Irish
ciar;m;Irish
ciardha;m;Irish
cibor;m;Polish
cicely;f;English
cicero;m;Ancient Roman
ciel;f;Various
ciera;f;English (Modern)
cierra;f;English (Modern)
cila;f;Slovene
cili;f;Hungarian
cilka;f;Slovene
cilla;f;Swedish
cille;f;Danish
cillian;m;Irish
cinderella;f;Literature
cindi;f;English
cindra;f;English (Rare)
cindy;f;English
cinta;f;Indonesian
cinzia;f;Italian
cionaodh;m;Irish
ciprian;m;Romanian
cipriano;m;Italian
circe;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
ciriaco;m;Italian
ciril;m;Slovene
cirila;f;Slovene
cirillo;m;Italian
cirino;m;Italian
ciro;m;Italian
cissy;f;English
citlali;m;Native American
citra;f;Indonesian
claes;m;Swedish
clair;m;French
claire;f;French
clancy;m;Irish
clara;f;Italian
clare;f;English
clarence;m;English
claretta;f;Italian
clarette;f;English (Rare)
claribel;f;English
clarice;f;English
clarinda;f;English
clarisa;f;Spanish
clarissa;f;English
clarisse;f;French
claritia;f;Late Roman
clarity;f;English (Rare)
clark;m;English
clarus;m;Late Roman
claud;m;English
claude;m;French
claudette;f;French
claudia;f;English
claudie;f;French
claudine;f;French
claudio;m;Italian
claudiu;m;Romanian
claudius;m;Ancient Roman
claus;m;German
clay;m;English
clayton;m;English
cledwyn;m;Welsh
cleena;f;Irish
cleisthenes;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
cleitus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
clelia;f;Italian
clem;m;English
clematis;f;English (Rare)
clemence;f;English
clemency;f;English (Rare)
clemens;m;German
clement;m;English
clemente;m;Italian
clementia;f;Late Roman
clementina;f;Italian
clementine;f;French
clementius;m;Late Roman
cleo;f;English
cleon;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
cleopas;m;Biblical
cleopatra;f;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
cleophas;m;Biblical
cletis;m;English (Rare)
cleto;m;Italian
cletus;m;English
cleve;m;English
cleveland;m;English
cliff;m;English
clifford;m;English
clifton;m;English
climacus;m;Late Roman
climent;m;Catalan
clint;m;English
clinton;m;English
clio;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
clitus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
clive;m;English
clodagh;f;Irish
clodovicus;m;Ancient Germanic (Latinized)
cloe;f;Spanish
cloelia;f;Ancient Roman
cloelius;m;Ancient Roman
clopas;m;Biblical
clothilde;f;French
clothildis;f;Ancient Germanic (Latinized)
clotho;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
clotilda;f;English
clotilde;f;French
clover;f;English (Rare)
clovia;f;?
clovis;m;Ancient Germanic (Latinized)
clyde;m;English
clytemnestra;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
clytia;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
cnaeus;m;Ancient Roman
cnut;m;History
coba;f;Dutch
cobus;m;Dutch
coby;m;English
coco;f;Various
codie;m;English (Modern)
cody;m;English
coeus;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
cohen;m;English
coilean;m;Irish
coinneach;m;Scottish
cokkie;f;Dutch
col;m;Medieval English
cola;m;Anglo-Saxon
colbert;m;English
colby;m;English
cole;m;English
coleen;f;English
coleman;m;English
colene;f;English (Rare)
colette;f;French
coline;f;French
colleen;f;English
collin;m;English
collyn;f;English (Rare)
colm;m;Irish
colobert;m;Ancient Germanic
colomba;f;Italian
colombano;m;Italian
colombe;f;French
colombina;f;Italian
colombo;m;Italian
colten;m;English (Modern)
colton;m;English (Modern)
colum;m;Irish
columba;m;Late Roman
columban;m;Irish
columbanus;m;Late Roman
columbine;f;English (Rare)
colwyn;m;Welsh
comfort;f;English (Rare)
comgal;m;Irish
comgall;m;Irish
comgan;m;Irish
comhghall;m;Irish
conall;m;Irish
conan;m;Irish
concepta;f;Irish
concetta;f;Italian
concettina;f;Italian
concetto;m;Italian
concha;f;Spanish
conchita;f;Spanish
conchobhar;m;Irish
concordia;f;Roman Mythology
condoleezza;f;Various
confucius;m;History
conlaoch;m;Irish Mythology
conleth;m;Irish
conley;m;Irish
conn;m;Irish
connell;m;English (Rare)
conner;m;English (Modern)
connie;m;English
connla;m;Irish Mythology
connor;m;Irish
conor;m;Irish
conrad;m;English
conrado;m;Spanish
consolata;f;Italian
constance;f;English
constans;m;Late Roman
constant;m;French
constantia;f;Late Roman
constantijn;m;Dutch
constantin;m;Romanian
constantina;f;Late Roman
constantine;m;History
constantinus;m;Late Roman
constantius;m;Late Roman
constanza;f;Spanish
constanze;f;German
consuela;f;Spanish
consuelo;f;Spanish
consus;m;Roman Mythology
conway;m;English
cooper;m;English
coos;m;Dutch
cora;f;English
coral;f;English
coralie;f;French
corbin;m;English
corbinian;m;German
corbinianus;m;Late Roman
cord;m;Low German
cordelia;f;English
cordell;m;English
cordula;f;German
coreen;f;English (Rare)
corentin;m;Breton
coretta;f;English
corey;m;English
cori;f;English
coriander;f;English (Rare)
corie;f;English
corin;m;French
corina;f;English
corine;f;English
corinna;f;English
corinne;f;French
cormac;m;Irish
cormag;m;Scottish
corneille;m;French (Archaic)
cornel;m;Romanian
cornelia;f;German
cornelio;m;Spanish
cornelis;m;Dutch
corneliu;m;Romanian
cornelius;m;Ancient Roman
cornell;m;English
corona;f;History
corradino;m;Italian
corrado;m;Italian
corrie;f;English
corrina;f;English
corrine;f;English
cortney;m;English
corwin;m;English
cory;m;English
corynn;f;English (Rare)
cosette;f;French
cosima;f;Italian
cosimo;m;Italian
cosma;m;Italian
cosmas;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
cosme;m;Portuguese
cosmin;m;Romanian
cosmina;f;Romanian
cosmo;m;English
costache;m;Romanian
costantino;m;Italian
costanzo;m;Italian
costel;m;Romanian
costin;m;Romanian
coty;m;English (Modern)
courtney;m;English
cowal;m;Irish
cowessess;m;Native American
craig;m;Scottish
crawford;m;English
cree;m;English (Rare)
creighton;m;English (Rare)
crescencia;f;Spanish
crescens;m;Late Roman
crescentia;f;German
crescentius;m;Late Roman
crescenzo;m;Italian
cressida;f;Literature
crina;f;Romanian
crispian;m;English (Archaic)
crispin;m;English (Rare)
crispinus;m;Ancient Roman
crispus;m;Ancient Roman
cristal;f;English
cristen;f;English (Modern)
cristi;m;Romanian
cristian;m;Romanian
cristiana;f;Italian
cristiano;m;Italian
cristina;f;Italian
cristoforo;m;Italian
crius;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
crocetta;f;Italian
crocifissa;f;Italian
crofton;m;English (Rare)
cronus;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
cruz;m;Spanish
cruzita;f;Spanish
crystal;f;English
crystin;f;Welsh
csaba;m;Hungarian
csenge;f;Hungarian
csilla;f;Hungarian
ctibor;m;Czech
ctirad;m;Czech
cuidightheach;m;Ancient Irish
culhwch;m;Welsh
cullen;m;English
cumhur;m;Turkish
cunigund;f;Ancient Germanic
cunobelinus;m;Ancient Celtic
cupid;m;Roman Mythology
curro;m;Spanish
curt;m;English
curtis;m;English
custodia;f;Spanish
custodio;m;Spanish
cuthberht;m;Anglo-Saxon
cuthbert;m;English (Rare)
cveta;f;Serbian
cvetka;f;Slovene
cvetko;m;Slovene
cvijeta;f;Croatian
cvita;f;Croatian
cy;m;English
cyan;f;English (Rare)
cybele;f;Near Eastern Mythology (Hellenized)
cybill;f;English (Rare)
cydney;f;English (Modern)
cymbeline;m;Literature
cymone;f;English (Rare)
cynbel;m;Ancient Celtic
cyndi;f;English
cynebald;m;Anglo-Saxon
cyneburg;f;Anglo-Saxon
cyneburga;f;Anglo-Saxon (Latinized)
cynefrith;m;Anglo-Saxon (Latinized)
cyneheard;m;Anglo-Saxon
cyneric;m;Anglo-Saxon
cynesige;m;Anglo-Saxon
cyneweard;m;Anglo-Saxon
cynthia;f;English
cynwrig;m;Ancient Celtic
cyprian;m;History
cyprianus;m;Ancient Roman
cyra;f;History
cyrano;m;Literature
cyriaca;f;Late Roman
cyriacus;m;Late Roman
cyrielle;f;French
cyril;m;English
cyrilla;f;English (Rare)
cyrille;m;French
cyrillus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
cyrus;m;English
cyryl;m;Polish
cystennin;m;Welsh
czcibor;m;Polish
da;m;Chinese
daan;m;Dutch
daciana;f;Romanian
dacre;m;English (Rare)
dada;f;Western African
daedalus;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
daffodil;f;English (Rare)
dafina;f;Albanian
dafna;f;Hebrew
dafne;f;Italian
dafydd;m;Welsh
dag;m;Swedish
dagan;m;Near Eastern Mythology
dagda;m;Irish Mythology
dagfinn;m;Norwegian
dagfinnr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
dagmar;f;Danish
dagmara;f;Polish
dagney;f;Various
dagnija;f;Latvian
dagny;f;Swedish
dagon;m;Near Eastern Mythology
dagr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
dagrun;f;Norwegian
dagur;m;Icelandic
dahlia;f;English (Modern)
dai;m;Welsh
daichi;m;Japanese
daiki;m;Japanese
daina;f;Lithuanian
daireann;f;Irish Mythology
daisuke;m;Japanese
daisy;f;English
daiva;f;Lithuanian
daividh;m;Scottish (Rare)
dajana;f;Serbian
dakarai;m;Southern African
dakota;m;English (Modern)
dalal;f;Arabic
dale;m;English
daley;m;Irish
dalibor;m;Czech
daliborka;f;Croatian
dalimil;m;Czech
dalit;f;Hebrew
dalitso;m;Southern African
dallas;m;English
dalton;m;English
daly;m;Irish
dalya;f;Hebrew
damaris;f;Biblical
damayanti;f;Indian
damhnait;f;Irish
damiaan;m;Dutch
damian;m;English
damiana;f;Italian
damiano;m;Italian
damianos;m;Ancient Greek
damianus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
damien;m;French
damijan;m;Slovene
damijana;f;Slovene
damion;m;English
damir;m;Croatian
damjan;m;Slovene
damjana;f;Slovene
damla;f;Turkish
damocles;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
damodar;m;Indian
damodara;m;Indian
damon;m;Greek Mythology
damyan;m;Bulgarian
danail;m;Bulgarian
dand;m;Scottish
dane;m;English
danel;m;Basque
danette;f;English
danica;f;Serbian
daniel;m;English
daniela;f;German
daniele;m;Italian
danielius;m;Lithuanian
daniella;f;English
danielle;f;French
daniels;m;Latvian
danihel;m;Biblical Latin
daniil;m;Russian
daniilu;m;Old Church Slavic
danijel;m;Slovene
danijela;f;Slovene
danika;f;English (Modern)
danilo;m;Italian
danita;f;English
daniyah;f;Arabic
daniyyel;m;Biblical Hebrew
danko;m;Croatian
danna;f;English
danne;m;Swedish
danni;f;English
dannie;m;English
danny;m;English
danr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
dante;m;Italian
danuta;f;Polish
danya;f;Hebrew
danyal;m;Arabic
daphne;f;Greek Mythology
daquan;m;African American (Modern)
dar;m;Hebrew
darach;m;Irish
daragh;m;Irish
darayavahush;m;Ancient Persian
darby;m;English
darcey;f;English (Rare)
darcy;m;English
dardan;m;Albanian
dardana;f;Albanian
dardanos;m;Greek Mythology
darden;m;English (Rare)
dareia;f;Late Greek
dareios;m;Ancient Greek
darejan;f;Georgian
darejani;f;Georgian
darek;m;Polish
darell;m;English
daren;m;English
daria;f;Italian
darian;m;English
darien;m;English
darija;f;Croatian
darijo;m;Croatian
darijus;m;Lithuanian
darin;m;English
darinka;f;Slovene
dario;m;Italian
darion;m;English (Modern)
darius;m;English
dariush;m;Persian
dariusz;m;Polish
dariya;f;Ukrainian
darja;f;Slovene
darko;m;Croatian
darla;f;English
darleen;f;English
darlene;f;English
darma;m;Indonesian
darnell;m;English
darragh;m;Irish
darrel;m;English
darrell;m;English
darren;m;English
darrin;m;English
darryl;m;English
darshana;f;Indian
darwin;m;English
daryawesh;m;Biblical Hebrew
daryl;m;English
daryna;f;Ukrainian
daryush;m;Persian
dashiell;m;English (Rare)
dassah;f;Hebrew
dathan;m;Biblical
daud;m;Arabic
dauid;m;Biblical Greek
daumantas;m;Lithuanian
dave;m;English
davena;f;English (Rare)
daveth;m;Cornish
davey;m;English
davi;m;Portuguese (Brazilian)
david;m;English
davida;f;English (Rare)
davide;m;Italian
davidu;m;Old Church Slavic
davie;m;English
davin;m;English
davina;f;English (British)
davinia;f;English (Rare)
davis;m;English
davit;m;Georgian
daviti;m;Georgian
davor;m;Croatian
davorin;m;Croatian
davorka;f;Croatian
davud;m;Persian
davy;m;English
daw;m;Medieval English
dawid;m;Polish
dawn;f;English
dawood;m;Arabic
dawson;m;English
dawud;m;Arabic
dax;m;English
dayaram;m;Indian
dayna;f;English
dayo;m;Western African
dayton;m;English
dazbog;m;Slavic Mythology
dazhdbog;m;Slavic Mythology
deacon;m;English (Modern)
dean;m;English
deana;f;English
deandre;m;African American
deangelo;m;African American
deanna;f;English
deanne;f;English
deb;f;English
debbi;f;English
debbie;f;English
debbora;f;Biblical Latin
debby;f;English
debdan;m;Bengali
debi;f;English
debora;f;Italian
deborah;f;English
debra;f;English
decebal;m;Romanian
decima;f;Ancient Roman
decimus;m;Ancient Roman
declan;m;Irish
dederick;m;English (Archaic)
dedrick;m;African American
dee;m;English
deeann;f;English
deemer;m;English (Rare)
deena;f;English
deepak;m;Indian
deepali;f;Indian
deepti;f;Indian
deforest;m;English
deforrest;m;English (Rare)
deidra;f;English
deidre;f;English
deimos;m;Greek Mythology
deiniol;m;Welsh
deion;m;African American (Modern)
deirbhile;f;Irish
deirdre;f;English
deitra;f;English (Rare)
deja;f;Various
dejan;m;Serbian
dejana;f;Serbian
dejen;m;Eastern African
dekel;m;Hebrew
delaiah;m;Biblical
delaney;f;English (Modern)
delano;m;English
delayahu;m;Biblical Hebrew
delbert;m;English
delfina;f;Italian
delice;f;English (Rare)
delicia;f;English (Rare)
delight;f;English (Rare)
delilah;f;Biblical
dell;m;English
della;f;English
delma;f;Irish
delmar;m;English
delora;f;English
delores;f;English
deloris;f;English
delphia;f;English
delphina;f;Late Roman
delphine;f;French
delphinia;f;?
delphinus;m;Late Roman
delroy;m;English (Rare)
delshad;m;Persian
delta;f;English
delwyn;m;Welsh
delyth;f;Welsh
dema;f;Arabic
demelza;f;English (British)
demetra;f;Greek
demetria;f;Ancient Greek
demetrio;m;Italian
demetrios;m;Greek
demetrius;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
demi;f;Greek
democritus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
demon;m;Ancient Greek
demosthenes;m;Ancient Greek
demostrate;f;Ancient Greek
demyan;m;Russian
den;m;English
dena;f;English
dene;m;English (Rare)
deneb;m;Astronomy
denholm;m;English (Rare)
denica;f;Bulgarian
denice;f;English
deniece;f;English (Rare)
deniel;m;Breton
denis;m;French
denisa;f;Czech
denise;f;French
dennis;m;English
denny;m;English
denton;m;English
denver;m;English
denys;m;Ukrainian
denzel;m;English (Modern)
denzil;m;English
deo;m;Indian
deodan;m;Indian
deodato;m;Portuguese
deodatus;m;Late Roman
deon;m;English
deonne;f;English (Rare)
deonte;m;African American (Modern)
deorwine;m;Anglo-Saxon
derby;m;English (Rare)
derdriu;f;Irish Mythology
derek;m;English
derick;m;English
dermid;m;Scottish
dermot;m;Irish
deror;m;Hebrew
derorit;f;Hebrew
derren;m;English (Rare)
derrick;m;English
derry;m;Irish
derryl;m;English (Rare)
derval;f;Irish
dervila;f;Irish
dervla;f;Irish
derya;m;Turkish
deryck;m;English (Rare)
deryn;f;Welsh
des;m;English
desdemona;f;Literature
deshaun;m;African American
deshawn;m;African American
desi;m;Spanish
desiderata;f;Late Roman
desideratus;m;Late Roman
desideria;f;Italian
desiderio;m;Italian
desiderius;m;Late Roman
desirae;f;English (Modern)
desiree;f;English
desislav;m;Bulgarian
desislava;f;Bulgarian
desmond;m;English
despina;f;Greek
despoina;f;Greek Mythology
dessislava;f;Bulgarian
desta;m;Eastern African
destinee;f;English (Modern)
destiny;f;English
detlef;m;Low German
detta;f;English (Rare)
deusdedit;m;Late Roman
dev;m;Indian
devadas;m;Indian
devan;m;English (Modern)
devaraja;m;Indian
devdan;m;Indian
devdas;m;Indian
deven;m;English (Modern)
devereux;m;English (Rare)
devi;f;Indian
devika;f;Indian
devin;m;English
devnet;f;Irish
devon;m;English
devorah;f;Hebrew
devraj;m;Indian
devyn;m;English (Modern)
dewayne;m;English
dewey;m;Welsh
dewi;m;Welsh
dewydd;m;Welsh (Archaic)
dex;m;English
dexter;m;English
deyan;m;Bulgarian
dezi;m;English
deziree;f;English (Rare)
dezirinda;f;Esperanto
dhananjay;m;Indian
dhaval;m;Indian
di;f;English
diamanda;f;Various
diamantina;f;Greek
diamanto;f;Greek
diamond;f;English (Modern)
dian;m;Indonesian
diana;f;English
diane;f;French
diann;f;English
dianna;f;English
dianne;f;French
diantha;f;Dutch
diarmad;m;Scottish
diarmaid;m;Irish
diarmait;m;Irish
diarmuid;m;Irish
dicun;m;Medieval English
didacus;m;Medieval Spanish
didi;m;German
didier;m;French
dido;f;Roman Mythology
diede;m;Dutch
diederich;m;German (Archaic)
diederick;m;Dutch
diederik;m;Dutch
diego;m;Spanish
dierk;m;German
dieter;m;German
dietfried;m;German
diethelm;m;German
dietlinde;f;German
dietmar;m;German
dietrich;m;German
dieuwe;m;Frisian
dieuwer;m;Frisian
dieuwert;m;Frisian
dieuwke;f;Frisian
digby;m;English (Rare)
diggory;m;English (Rare)
dijana;f;Croatian
dike;f;Greek Mythology
dikeledi;f;Southern African
dikla;m;Hebrew
diklah;m;Hebrew
dilbert;m;Popular Culture
dilip;m;Indian
dilipa;m;Indian
dillan;m;English (Modern)
dillon;m;English
dilshad;m;Persian
dilwen;f;Welsh
dilwyn;m;Welsh
dilys;f;Welsh
dimas;m;Spanish
dimitar;m;Bulgarian
dimitra;f;Greek
dimitri;m;Russian
dimitrij;m;Slovene
dimitrije;m;Serbian
dimitrios;m;Greek
dimitris;m;Greek
dimosthenis;m;Greek
dinah;f;Biblical
dinesh;m;Indian
dinh;m;Vietnamese
dinis;m;Portuguese
diniz;m;Portuguese
dinko;m;Croatian
dino;m;Italian
dinu;m;Romanian
diocles;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
diocletian;m;History
diocletianus;m;Ancient Roman
diodato;m;Italian
diodore;m;French
diodoros;m;Ancient Greek
diodorus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
diodotos;m;Ancient Greek
diodotus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
diogenes;m;Ancient Greek
diogo;m;Portuguese
diokles;m;Ancient Greek
diomedes;m;Greek Mythology
dion;m;Ancient Greek
dionisia;f;Medieval English
dionisie;m;Romanian
dionisio;m;Spanish
dionne;f;English
dionysia;f;Late Roman
dionysios;m;Greek
dionysius;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
dionysodoros;m;Ancient Greek
dionysos;m;Greek Mythology
dionysus;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
diot;f;Medieval English
dipak;m;Indian
dipaka;m;Indian
dipali;f;Indian
dipika;f;Indian
dipti;f;Indian
dirk;m;Dutch
disgleirio;m;Welsh
dismas;m;Judeo-Christian Legend
ditte;f;Danish
divina;f;English (Rare)
divna;f;Serbian
divya;f;Indian
dixie;f;English
dixon;m;English
diya;m;Arabic
djamila;f;Arabic
djehuti;m;Egyptian Mythology
djehutimose;m;Ancient Egyptian
djordje;m;Serbian
djuradj;m;Serbian
djuradja;f;Serbian
djuro;m;Serbian
dmitar;m;Croatian
dmitrei;m;Medieval Slavic
dmitri;m;Russian
dmitrii;m;Russian
dmitriy;m;Russian
dmitry;m;Russian
dmytro;m;Ukrainian
dobrogost;m;Polish (Rare)
dobromil;m;Czech (Rare)
dobroslav;m;Croatian
dobroslava;f;Czech
docia;f;English
dodie;f;English
doina;f;Romanian
doireann;f;Irish
doirend;f;Irish Mythology
dollie;f;English
dolly;f;English
dolores;f;Spanish
dolors;f;Catalan
dolph;m;English
dom;m;English
domagoj;m;Croatian
domen;m;Slovene
domenic;m;English
domenica;f;Italian
domenico;m;Italian
domhnall;m;Scottish
dominga;f;Spanish
domingo;m;Spanish
domingos;m;Portuguese
dominic;m;English
dominica;f;English (Rare)
dominick;m;English
dominicus;m;Late Roman
dominik;m;Czech
dominika;f;Czech
dominique;m;French
dominykas;m;Lithuanian
domitia;f;Ancient Roman
domitian;m;History
domitianus;m;Ancient Roman
domitila;f;Spanish
domitilla;f;Italian
domitille;f;French
domitius;m;Ancient Roman
domnall;m;Scottish
domnika;f;Macedonian
domonkos;m;Hungarian
don;m;English
dona;f;English
donagh;m;Irish
donal;m;Irish
donald;m;Scottish
donalda;f;Scottish
donaldina;f;Scottish
donar;m;Germanic Mythology
donat;m;French
donata;f;Italian
donatella;f;Italian
donatello;m;Italian
donatianus;m;Late Roman
donatien;m;French
donatienne;f;French
donato;m;Italian
donatus;m;Late Roman
doncho;m;Bulgarian
donella;f;Scottish
donelle;f;English (Rare)
dong;m;Chinese
donka;f;Bulgarian
donna;f;English
donnchad;m;Scottish
donnchadh;m;Scottish
donnie;m;English
donny;m;English
donovan;m;Irish
dor;m;Hebrew
dora;f;English
doran;m;Irish
dorcas;f;Biblical
dorean;f;English
doreen;f;English
dores;f;Portuguese
dorete;f;Danish
doretta;f;English
dori;m;Hebrew
doria;f;English (Rare)
dorian;m;English
doriane;f;French
doriano;m;Italian
dorijan;m;Croatian
dorika;f;Hungarian
dorin;m;Romanian
dorinda;f;English
dorine;f;English
doris;f;English
dorita;f;English (Rare)
dorofei;m;Russian
dorofey;m;Russian
doron;m;Hebrew
dorota;f;Polish
dorotea;f;Italian
doroteia;f;Portuguese
doroteja;f;Slovene
dorothea;f;German
dorotheos;m;Greek
dorotheus;m;Late Roman
dorothy;f;English
dorottya;f;Hungarian
dorris;f;English
dorte;f;Danish
dortha;f;English
dorthe;f;Danish
dorthy;f;English
doru;m;Romanian
doruk;m;Turkish
dory;f;English
dosia;f;Polish
dot;f;English
dottie;f;English
dotty;f;English
doubravka;f;Czech
doug;m;English
dougal;m;Scottish
douglas;m;Scottish
douglass;m;Scottish
dov;m;Hebrew
dove;f;English
dovid;m;Yiddish
dovydas;m;Lithuanian
doyle;m;Irish
draco;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
draga;f;Slovene
dragan;m;Serbian
dragana;f;Serbian
dragica;f;Serbian
drago;m;Croatian
dragomir;m;Serbian
dragos;m;Romanian
dragoslav;m;Serbian
dragoslava;f;Serbian
dragutin;m;Serbian
drahoslav;m;Czech
drahoslava;f;Czech
drake;m;English
drakon;m;Ancient Greek
draupadi;f;Indian
draven;m;Popular Culture
drazhan;m;Medieval Slavic
dre;m;English
drea;f;English
dreda;f;English (Archaic)
drest;m;Ancient Celtic
drew;m;English
drika;f;Dutch
drina;f;English (Rare)
driscoll;m;English (Rare)
drishti;f;Indian
driskoll;m;English (Rare)
drogo;m;English (Archaic)
dror;m;Hebrew
drorit;f;Hebrew
drousilla;f;Biblical Greek
drummond;m;English (Rare)
drupada;m;Indian
drusa;f;Ancient Roman
drusilla;f;Biblical
drust;m;Ancient Celtic
drustan;m;Ancient Celtic
drusus;m;Ancient Roman
drystan;m;Welsh
du;m;Portuguese
dua;f;Arabic
duana;f;English (Rare)
duane;m;English
duarte;m;Portuguese
dubaku;m;Western African
dubhghall;m;Irish
dubhghlas;m;Scottish
dubhthach;m;Ancient Irish
dubravka;f;Croatian
dubravko;m;Croatian
duci;f;Hungarian
duda;m;Portuguese
dudda;m;Anglo-Saxon
dudel;m;Yiddish
dudley;m;English
dudu;m;Portuguese
duff;m;Scottish
dugald;m;Scottish
duha;m;Arabic
duilio;m;Italian
duilius;m;Ancient Roman
duke;m;English
dukvakha;m;Chechen
dulce;f;Spanish
dulcibella;f;English (Archaic)
dulcie;f;English
dulcinea;f;Literature
duleep;m;Indian
dulf;m;Limburgish
dumisani;m;Southern African
dumitru;m;Romanian
duncan;m;Scottish
dunja;f;Serbian
dunstan;m;English (Rare)
dunya;f;Russian
dunyasha;f;Russian
durai;m;Tamil
durans;m;Late Roman
durante;m;Italian
durdona;f;Uzbek
durga;f;Indian
durward;m;English
dustin;m;English
dusty;m;English
dutch;m;English
duygu;m;Turkish
dvorah;f;Hebrew
dwain;m;English
dwayne;m;English
dwi;m;Indonesian
dwight;m;English
dwyn;m;Celtic Mythology
dyan;f;English
dye;f;Medieval English
dylan;m;Welsh
dylis;f;Welsh
dymphna;f;Irish
dympna;f;Irish
dyson;m;English (Rare)
dzhabrail;m;Chechen
dzhamal;m;Chechen
dzhokhar;m;Chechen
dzvezda;f;Macedonian
dzvezdan;m;Macedonian
dzvonimir;m;Macedonian
dzvonko;m;Macedonian
eachann;m;Scottish
eadan;f;Irish
eadberht;m;Anglo-Saxon
eadburg;f;Anglo-Saxon
eadburga;f;Anglo-Saxon (Latinized)
eadgar;m;Anglo-Saxon
eadmund;m;Anglo-Saxon
eadric;m;Anglo-Saxon
eadweard;m;Anglo-Saxon
eadwig;m;Anglo-Saxon
eadwine;m;Anglo-Saxon
eadwulf;m;Anglo-Saxon
ealair;m;Scottish
ealasaid;f;Scottish
ealdwine;m;Anglo-Saxon
ealhstan;m;Anglo-Saxon
ealisaid;f;Manx
eamon;m;Irish
ean;m;Manx
eanraig;m;Scottish
eardwulf;m;Anglo-Saxon
earl;m;English
earle;m;English
earleen;f;English (Rare)
earlene;f;English
earline;f;English
earnest;m;English
earnestine;f;English
eartha;f;English
easter;f;English
eastmund;m;Anglo-Saxon
easton;m;English (Modern)
eavan;f;Irish
ebbe;m;German
ebele;f;Western African
eben;m;English
ebenezer;m;Biblical
eberardo;m;Spanish
eberhard;m;German
ebony;f;English
ebrahim;m;Persian
ebru;f;Turkish
eburwin;m;Ancient Germanic
ecaterina;f;Romanian
ece;f;Turkish
ecgberht;m;Anglo-Saxon
echo;f;Greek Mythology
eckart;m;German
eckbert;m;German
eckehard;m;German
eckhard;m;German
eckhart;m;German
ed;m;English
edan;m;Irish
edana;f;History
eddie;m;English
eddy;m;English
edelmira;f;Spanish
edelmiro;m;Spanish
eden;m;Hebrew
ederne;f;Basque
edgar;m;English
edgaras;m;Lithuanian
edgard;m;French
edgardo;m;Spanish
edi;m;Slovene
edie;f;English
edina;f;Hungarian
edison;m;English
edit;f;Hungarian
edita;f;Czech
edite;f;Portuguese
edith;f;English
edmao;m;Limburgish
edmond;m;French
edmonda;f;Italian
edmondo;m;Italian
edmund;m;English
edmundo;m;Spanish
edoardo;m;Italian
edom;m;Biblical
edorta;m;Basque
edric;m;English (Rare)
edsel;m;Various
edu;m;Portuguese
eduard;m;German
eduarda;f;Portuguese
eduardo;m;Spanish
eduards;m;Latvian
edur;m;Basque
edurne;f;Basque
edvard;m;Swedish
edvige;f;Italian
edvin;m;Swedish
edward;m;English
edweena;f;English (Rare)
edwena;f;English (Rare)
edwige;f;French
edwin;m;English
edwina;f;English
edwyn;m;English (Rare)
edwyna;f;English (Rare)
edyta;f;Polish
edytha;f;English (Rare)
edythe;f;English
eelis;m;Finnish
eemeli;m;Finnish
eemil;m;Finnish
eerik;m;Finnish
eerika;f;Finnish
eerikki;m;Finnish
eero;m;Finnish
eetu;m;Finnish
eeva;f;Finnish
eevi;f;Finnish
efa;f;Welsh
efemena;m;Western African
efimia;f;Greek
efisio;m;Italian
efraim;m;Hebrew
efrat;f;Hebrew
efrosyni;f;Greek
efstathios;m;Greek
efthalia;f;Greek
efthymia;f;Greek
eftychia;f;Greek
efua;f;Western African
egbert;m;English
egemen;m;Turkish
egidio;m;Italian
egil;m;Swedish
egilhard;m;Ancient Germanic
egill;m;Ancient Scandinavian
egino;m;Ancient Germanic
eglantine;f;English (Rare)
egnatius;m;Ancient Roman
egon;m;German
eguzki;m;Basque
eha;f;Estonian
ehmet;m;Uyghur
ehsan;m;Persian
ehud;m;Biblical
eideard;m;Scottish
eidel;f;Yiddish
eider;f;Basque
eifion;m;Welsh
eigyr;f;Welsh Mythology
eija;f;Finnish
eileen;f;Irish
eileifr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
eileithyia;f;Greek Mythology
eilert;m;Frisian
eilidh;f;Scottish
eilionoir;f;Scottish
eilish;f;Irish
eiluned;f;Welsh
eilwen;f;Welsh
eimear;f;Irish
eimhir;f;Scottish
einar;m;Norwegian
einarr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
eindride;m;Norwegian
einion;m;Welsh
eino;m;Finnish
eir;f;Norse Mythology
eiran;m;Hebrew
eireann;f;English (Rare)
eireen;f;Irish
eirenaios;m;Ancient Greek
eirene;f;Greek Mythology
eirian;m;Welsh
eirik;m;Norwegian
eirlys;f;Welsh
eirwen;f;Welsh
eitan;m;Hebrew
eithne;f;Irish
ejiro;m;Western African
ejiroghene;m;Western African
ekain;m;Basque
ekaitz;m;Basque
ekaterina;f;Bulgarian
ekaterine;f;Georgian
ekene;m;Western African
ekenedilichukwu;m;Western African
ekewaka;m;Hawaiian
ekkebert;m;Ancient Germanic
ekkehard;m;German
ekkehardt;m;German
eko;m;Indonesian
ekrem;m;Turkish
ekua;f;Western African
ekundayo;m;Western African
ekwueme;m;Western African
el;m;Near Eastern Mythology
ela;f;Polish
eladio;m;Spanish
elah;f;Hebrew
elaheh;f;Persian
elain;f;Welsh
elaina;f;English
elaine;f;English
elam;m;Biblical
elanor;f;Literature
elario;m;?
elazar;m;Jewish
elba;f;Spanish
elbert;m;Dutch
elchin;m;Azerbaijani
elda;f;Italian
eldad;m;Biblical
eldar;m;Azerbaijani
elder;m;Portuguese
eldon;m;English
eldred;m;English
elea;f;English
eleanor;f;English
eleanora;f;English
eleanore;f;English
eleazar;m;Biblical
electra;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
eleftheria;f;Greek
eleftherios;m;Greek
elek;m;Hungarian
elektra;f;Greek Mythology
elen;f;Welsh
elena;f;Italian
elene;f;Greek
eleni;f;Greek
elenora;f;English
eleonoora;f;Finnish (Rare)
eleonor;f;Swedish
eleonora;f;Italian
eleonore;f;German
eleri;f;Welsh
elettra;f;Italian
eleuterio;m;Spanish
eleutherios;m;Late Greek
eleutherius;m;Late Greek (Latinized)
elfa;f;?
elfleda;f;English (Archaic)
elfreda;f;English
elfrida;f;English (Rare)
elfrieda;f;English
elfriede;f;German
elham;f;Persian
elia;m;Italian
eliakim;m;Biblical
elian;m;Dutch
elias;m;Portuguese
eliasz;m;Polish
elicia;f;English (Rare)
elidi;f;Various
eliezer;m;Biblical
eligia;f;Polish
eligio;m;Italian
eligius;m;Late Roman
eligiusz;m;Polish
elihu;m;Biblical
eliina;f;Finnish
eliisa;f;Finnish
eliisabet;f;Estonian
elijah;m;English
elikapeka;f;Hawaiian
elin;f;Swedish
elina;f;Finnish
elinor;f;English
elio;m;Italian
elioenai;m;Biblical
elior;m;Hebrew
eliora;f;Hebrew
eliot;m;English
eliott;m;English (Rare)
eliou;m;Biblical Greek
eliphalet;m;Biblical
eliphelet;m;Biblical
elis;m;Swedish
elisa;f;German
elisabed;f;Georgian
elisabet;f;Swedish
elisabeta;f;Romanian
elisabete;f;Portuguese
elisabeth;f;German
elisabeti;f;Old Church Slavic
elisabetta;f;Italian
elisaie;m;Biblical Greek
elisavet;f;Greek
elisaveta;f;Bulgarian
elise;f;German
elisedd;m;Ancient Celtic
eliseo;m;Italian
eliseus;m;Biblical Latin
elisha;m;Biblical
elisheba;f;Biblical
elisheva;f;Hebrew
elisie;m;Macedonian
eliso;f;Georgian
elita;f;Latvian
eliud;m;Biblical
elixabete;f;Basque
eliyahu;m;Hebrew
eliyyahu;m;Hebrew
eliza;f;English
elizabeta;f;Slovene
elizabeth;f;English
elizaveta;f;Russian
eljas;m;Finnish
elkan;m;Hebrew
elkanah;m;Biblical
ellar;m;Scottish
elle;f;English (Modern)
ellery;m;English
ellie;f;English
ellil;m;Near Eastern Mythology
ellinor;f;Swedish
elliot;m;English
elliott;m;English
elly;f;English
elma;f;Dutch
elmas;f;Turkish
elmer;m;English
elmira;f;Literature
elmo;m;English
elnathan;m;Biblical
elnora;f;English
elnur;m;Azerbaijani
elodia;f;Spanish
elof;m;Swedish
eloi;m;French
eloisa;f;Italian
eloise;f;English
elon;m;Biblical
elouise;f;English
elov;m;Swedish
elowen;f;Cornish
eloy;m;Spanish
elpida;f;Greek
elpidio;m;Italian
elpidios;m;Late Greek
elpidius;m;Late Greek (Latinized)
elpis;f;Ancient Greek
elric;m;Medieval English
elrond;m;Literature
elroy;m;English
els;f;Dutch
elsa;f;English
elsabeth;f;English (Rare)
elsdon;m;English (Rare)
else;f;Danish
elsie;f;English
elsje;f;Dutch
elspet;f;Scottish
elspeth;f;Scottish
elton;m;English
eluf;m;Danish
eluned;f;Welsh
elvan;m;Turkish
elvin;m;English
elvina;f;English
elvira;f;Spanish
elvire;f;French
elvis;m;English
elwin;m;English
elwood;m;English
elwyn;m;English
ely;m;English
elyse;f;English
elysia;f;Various
elyzabeth;f;English (Rare)
em;f;English
ema;f;Spanish
emalee;f;English (Rare)
emanuel;m;Swedish
emanuela;f;Italian
emanuele;m;Italian
embla;f;Norse Mythology
emeka;m;Western African
emel;f;Turkish
emelia;f;English
emelie;f;Swedish
emelina;f;Spanish
emeline;f;French
emelrich;m;Ancient Germanic
emely;f;English (Modern)
emem;m;Western African
emer;f;Irish
emerald;f;English (Modern)
emerens;m;Dutch
emerentius;m;Late Roman
emerson;m;English
emery;m;English
emese;f;Hungarian
emi;f;Japanese
emidio;m;Italian
emigdia;f;Spanish
emigdio;m;Spanish
emil;m;German
emilee;f;English (Modern)
emilia;f;Italian
emilian;m;Romanian
emiliana;f;Italian
emiliano;m;Spanish
emilie;f;German
emilija;f;Lithuanian
emilio;m;Italian
emilis;m;Lithuanian
emiliya;f;Bulgarian
emily;f;English
emina;f;Bosnian
emir;m;Bosnian
emira;f;Bosnian
emlyn;m;Welsh
emma;f;English
emmaline;f;English
emmalyn;f;English (Modern)
emmanouel;m;Biblical Greek
emmanouil;m;Greek
emmanuel;m;Biblical
emmanuelle;f;French
emmanuhel;m;Biblical Latin
emmeline;f;English (Archaic)
emmerich;m;German
emmerson;m;English (Rare)
emmet;m;English
emmett;m;English
emmie;f;English
emmy;f;English
emory;m;English
emperatriz;f;Spanish
emre;m;Turkish
emrys;m;Welsh
emygdius;m;Late Roman
emyr;m;Welsh
encarna;f;Spanish
encarnita;f;Spanish
enda;m;Irish
ender;m;Turkish
endika;m;Basque
endymion;m;Greek Mythology
endzela;f;Georgian
enej;m;Slovene
eneko;m;Basque
enes;m;Turkish
enfys;m;Welsh
engel;m;German (Rare)
engelbert;m;German
engilram;m;Ancient Germanic
enguerrand;m;Medieval French
enid;f;Welsh
eniola;m;Western African
enis;m;Bosnian
enisa;f;Bosnian
enitan;m;Western African
enkhjargal;f;Mongolian
enkhtuya;f;Mongolian
enki;m;Near Eastern Mythology
enlil;m;Near Eastern Mythology
enni;f;Finnish
ennio;m;Italian
ennis;m;Irish
ennius;m;Ancient Roman
enobarbus;m;Literature
enoch;m;Biblical
enok;m;Swedish
enola;f;English
enos;m;Biblical
enosh;m;Biblical
enric;m;Catalan
enrica;f;Italian
enrico;m;Italian
enrique;m;Spanish
ensio;m;Finnish
enu;m;Western African
enver;m;Turkish
enya;f;Irish
enyinnaya;m;Western African
enyo;f;Greek Mythology
enzo;m;Italian
eoforhild;f;Anglo-Saxon
eoforwine;m;Anglo-Saxon
eoghan;m;Irish
eoin;m;Irish
eos;f;Greek Mythology
epaphras;m;Biblical
epaphroditos;m;Ancient Greek
ephesius;m;Late Roman
ephraim;m;Biblical
ephrath;f;Biblical
epifanio;m;Spanish
epiktetos;m;Ancient Greek
epimetheus;m;Greek Mythology
epiphanes;m;Ancient Greek
epiphanios;m;Ancient Greek
epiphanius;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
epiphany;f;English (Rare)
epona;f;Celtic Mythology
eponine;f;Literature
eppie;f;English (Archaic)
era;f;Albanian
eran;m;Biblical
erasmo;m;Italian
erasmos;m;Ancient Greek
erasmus;m;Late Greek (Latinized)
erastos;m;Biblical Greek
erastus;m;Biblical
erasyl;m;Kazakh
erato;f;Greek Mythology
erazem;m;Slovene
ercan;m;Turkish
ercanbald;m;Ancient Germanic
ercilia;f;Spanish
ercole;m;Italian
ercwlff;m;Welsh
erdem;m;Turkish
erdenechimeg;f;Mongolian
erdmann;m;German
erebos;m;Greek Mythology
erebus;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
erekle;m;Georgian
eren;m;Turkish
ereshkigal;f;Near Eastern Mythology
erez;m;Hebrew
erfan;m;Persian
erhard;m;German
eric;m;English
erica;f;English
erich;m;German
erick;m;English
ericka;f;English
erik;m;Swedish
erika;f;Swedish
erikas;m;Lithuanian
erin;f;English
eris;f;Greek Mythology
erja;f;Finnish
erkan;m;Turkish
erkin;m;Uyghur
erkki;m;Finnish
erland;m;Swedish
erlantz;m;Basque
erlea;f;Basque
erlend;m;Norwegian
erlendr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
erlendur;m;Icelandic
erling;m;Swedish
erlingr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
erlingur;m;Icelandic
erma;f;English
ermanno;m;Italian
ermelinda;f;Italian
ermendrud;f;Ancient Germanic
ermenegilda;f;Italian (Rare)
ermenegilde;m;French
ermenegildo;m;Italian
ermenrich;m;Ancient Germanic
ermentrud;f;German (Archaic)
ermes;m;Italian
ermete;m;Italian
ermingard;f;Ancient Germanic
erminhilt;f;Ancient Germanic
erminia;f;Italian
erminigild;m;Ancient Germanic
erminio;m;Italian
erminlinda;f;Ancient Germanic
ermintrude;f;English (Archaic)
ermo;m;Medieval Italian
ermolai;m;Russian
ern;m;English
erna;f;German
ernest;m;English
ernesta;f;Italian
ernestas;m;Lithuanian
ernestina;f;Spanish
ernestine;f;French
ernesto;m;Italian
ernie;m;English
erno;m;Finnish
ernst;m;German
ernust;m;Ancient Germanic
erol;m;Turkish
eros;m;Greek Mythology
erramun;m;Basque
errol;m;English
ersilia;f;Italian
erskine;m;Scottish
ervin;m;Hungarian
erwan;m;Breton
erwann;m;Breton
erwin;m;German
erykah;f;English (Modern)
eryn;f;English (Modern)
erzsi;f;Hungarian
esa;m;Finnish
esaias;m;Biblical Greek
esau;m;Biblical
esben;m;Danish
esdras;m;Biblical
ese;m;Frisian
eseld;f;Cornish
esen;f;Turkish
eseoghene;m;Western African
eser;m;Turkish
esfir;f;Russian
esha;f;Indian
eshe;f;Eastern African
esi;f;Western African
eskandar;m;Persian
eskarne;f;Basque
esma;f;Turkish
esmail;m;Persian
esmaralda;f;English (Rare)
esme;m;English
esmeralda;f;Spanish
esmond;m;English (Rare)
esmund;m;English (Rare)
espen;m;Norwegian
esperanta;f;Esperanto
esperanza;f;Spanish
esra;f;Turkish
essa;m;Arabic
essence;f;English (Modern)
essi;f;Finnish
essie;f;English
esta;f;English
estavan;m;Spanish
esteban;m;Spanish
estebe;m;Basque
estee;f;Jewish
estela;f;Portuguese
estella;f;English
estelle;f;English
ester;f;Swedish
estera;f;Polish
esteri;f;Finnish
esteve;m;Catalan
estevo;m;Galician
esther;f;English
esthiru;f;Old Church Slavic
esti;f;Basque
estienne;m;Medieval French
estrella;f;Spanish
esyllt;f;Welsh
eszter;f;Hungarian
eszti;f;Hungarian
etel;f;Hungarian
etele;m;Hungarian (Rare)
etelka;f;Hungarian
etelvina;f;Spanish
eteri;f;Georgian
ethan;m;English
ethel;f;English
ethelbert;m;English
etheldred;f;Medieval English
etheldreda;f;Medieval English
ethelinda;f;English (Archaic)
ethelred;m;English (Archaic)
ethelyn;f;English
ethna;f;Irish
ethne;f;Irish
etna;f;Irish
etsuko;f;Japanese
etta;f;English
ettie;f;English
ettore;m;Italian
etzel;m;Germanic Mythology
eua;f;Biblical Greek
euadne;f;Greek Mythology
euan;m;Scottish
euandros;m;Greek Mythology
euanthe;f;Ancient Greek
euaristos;m;Ancient Greek
euclid;m;Ancient Greek (Anglicized)
eudes;m;Medieval French
eudocia;f;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
eudokia;f;Ancient Greek
eudora;f;Greek Mythology
eudoxia;f;Ancient Greek
eufemia;f;Italian
eufrozina;f;Hungarian (Rare)
eugen;m;German
eugene;m;English
eugeneia;f;Ancient Greek
eugenia;f;Italian
eugenijus;m;Lithuanian
eugenio;m;Italian
eugenios;m;Ancient Greek
eugenius;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
eugeniusz;m;Polish
eukene;f;Basque
eukleides;m;Ancient Greek
eula;f;English
eulalia;f;Spanish
eulalie;f;French
eulia;f;?
eumelia;f;Ancient Greek
eun;m;Korean
eunice;f;Biblical
eunika;f;Polish
eunike;f;Ancient Greek
eunomia;f;Greek Mythology
euphemia;f;Ancient Greek
euphemios;m;Ancient Greek
euphranor;m;Ancient Greek
euphrasia;f;Ancient Greek
euphrasie;f;French
euphrosyne;f;Greek Mythology
eupraxia;f;Ancient Greek
euria;f;Basque
eurig;m;Welsh
euripides;m;Ancient Greek
europa;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
europe;f;Greek Mythology
eurwen;f;Welsh
eurydice;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
eurydike;f;Greek Mythology
eusebio;m;Spanish
eusebios;m;Ancient Greek
eusebius;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
eustace;m;English
eustache;m;French
eustachio;m;Italian
eustachius;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
eustachus;m;Ancient Greek
eustacia;f;English (Rare)
eustaquio;m;Spanish
eustathios;m;Ancient Greek
eustorgio;m;Italian
eustorgios;m;Ancient Greek
eustorgius;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
euterpe;f;Greek Mythology
euthalia;f;Ancient Greek
euthymia;f;Ancient Greek
euthymios;m;Ancient Greek
euthymius;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
eutimio;m;Spanish
eutropia;f;Ancient Greek
eutropio;m;Spanish
eutropios;m;Ancient Greek
eutropius;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
eutychia;f;Ancient Greek
eutychios;m;Ancient Greek
eutychius;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
eutychos;m;Ancient Greek
eutychus;m;Biblical
eva;f;Italian
evadne;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
evaline;f;English
evalyn;f;English
evan;m;Welsh
evandrus;m;Roman Mythology
evangelija;f;Macedonian
evangelina;f;Spanish
evangeline;f;English
evangeliya;f;Bulgarian
evangelos;m;Greek
evaristo;m;Spanish
evaristus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
evdokia;f;Greek
evdokija;f;Macedonian
evdokiya;f;Bulgarian
eve;f;English
eveleen;f;English (Rare)
evelia;f;Spanish
evelien;f;Dutch
eveliina;f;Finnish
evelina;f;English
eveline;f;English
evelyn;m;English
everard;m;English (Rare)
everett;m;English
everette;m;English
everild;f;History
everitt;m;English (Rare)
evert;m;Low German
evette;f;English
evgeni;m;Bulgarian
evgenia;f;Greek
evgenij;m;Macedonian
evgenija;f;Macedonian
evgeniy;m;Russian
evgeniya;f;Bulgarian
evgeny;m;Russian
evie;f;English
evita;f;Spanish
evonne;f;English
evpraksiya;f;Russian
evren;m;Turkish
evridiki;f;Greek
evron;m;Yiddish
evvie;f;English
ewa;f;Polish
ewald;m;German
ewan;m;Scottish
ewart;m;English
ewen;m;Scottish
ewoud;m;Dutch
ewout;m;Dutch
eyal;m;Hebrew
eysteinn;m;Ancient Scandinavian
eytan;m;Hebrew
eyvindr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
eyvindur;m;Icelandic
ezar;m;Biblical
ezechias;m;Biblical Latin
ezechiel;m;Biblical Latin
ezekias;m;Biblical Greek
ezekiel;m;Biblical
ezequiel;m;Spanish
ezer;m;Biblical
ezio;m;Italian
ezra;m;Biblical
ezras;m;Biblical Latin
eztebe;m;Basque
faas;m;Dutch
fabia;f;Italian
fabian;m;German
fabiana;f;Italian
fabiano;m;Italian
fabianus;m;Ancient Roman
fabien;m;French
fabienne;f;French
fabijan;m;Croatian
fabio;m;Italian
fabiola;f;Italian
fabius;m;Ancient Roman
fabrice;m;French
fabricia;f;Ancient Roman
fabricio;m;Spanish
fabricius;m;Ancient Roman
fabrizia;f;Italian
fabrizio;m;Italian
fachtna;m;Irish
faddei;m;Russian
faddey;m;Russian
fadi;m;Arabic
fadia;f;Arabic
fadil;m;Arabic
fadila;f;Arabic
fadl;m;Arabic
fae;f;English
fahd;m;Arabic
fahim;m;Arabic
fahima;f;Arabic
fahmida;f;Pakistani
faiga;f;Yiddish
faigel;f;Yiddish
faina;f;Russian
fairuz;f;Arabic
fairuza;f;Persian
faith;f;English
faithe;f;English (Rare)
faivish;m;Yiddish
faiz;m;Arabic
faiza;f;Arabic
faizel;m;Arabic
fajr;f;Arabic
fajra;f;Esperanto
fakhri;m;Arabic
fakhriyya;f;Arabic
falk;m;German
fallon;f;English (Modern)
fancy;f;English (Rare)
fane;m;Romanian
fannar;m;Icelandic
fanni;f;Finnish
fannie;f;English
fanny;f;English
fantine;f;Literature
farag;m;Arabic
farah;m;Arabic
farai;m;Southern African
faraj;m;Arabic
faraji;m;Eastern African
faramond;m;History
faramund;m;Ancient Germanic
fareed;m;Arabic
farid;m;Arabic
farida;f;Arabic
faridoon;m;Persian
fariha;f;Arabic
faris;m;Arabic
farley;m;English (Rare)
faron;m;English
farooq;m;Arabic
farouk;m;Arabic
farquhar;m;Irish
farrah;f;Arabic
farran;m;English (Rare)
farrell;m;English
farrokh;m;Persian
farrukh;m;Pakistani
faruk;m;Turkish
faruq;m;Arabic
fatemah;f;Persian
fathi;m;Arabic
fathiyya;f;Arabic
fatima;f;Arabic
fatimah;f;Arabic
fatma;f;Arabic
fatmir;m;Albanian
fatmire;f;Albanian
fatsani;m;Southern African
fauna;f;Roman Mythology
faunus;m;Roman Mythology
faust;m;Literature
fausta;f;Italian
faustina;f;Ancient Roman
faustine;f;French
faustino;m;Spanish
faustinus;m;Ancient Roman
fausto;m;Italian
faustus;m;Ancient Roman
fawn;f;English
fawzi;m;Arabic
fawziya;f;Arabic
fawziyya;f;Arabic
fay;f;English
faye;f;English
fayiz;m;Arabic
fayruz;f;Arabic
faysal;m;Arabic
fayvel;m;Yiddish
fayza;f;Arabic
fazl;m;Arabic
fearchar;m;Irish
feardorcha;m;Irish
fearghal;m;Irish
fearghas;m;Irish
febe;f;Dutch
fedde;m;Frisian
fedele;m;Italian
fedelm;f;Irish Mythology
fedelma;f;Irish
fedelmid;m;Ancient Irish
federica;f;Italian
federico;m;Spanish
federigo;m;Italian
fedir;m;Ukrainian
fedlimid;m;Ancient Irish
fedor;m;Russian
fedora;f;Russian
fedot;m;Russian
fedya;m;Russian
feibush;m;Yiddish
feidelm;f;Irish Mythology
feidhelm;f;Irish
feidhlim;m;Irish
feidhlimidh;m;Irish
feidlimid;m;Ancient Irish
feige;f;Yiddish
feivel;m;Yiddish
felice;m;Italian
felicia;f;English
feliciana;f;Spanish
feliciano;m;Italian
felicianus;m;Late Roman
felicidad;f;Spanish
felicidade;f;Portuguese
felicie;f;German
felicita;f;Italian
felicity;f;English
felicius;m;Late Roman
felicja;f;Polish
felicjan;m;Polish
felicyta;f;Polish
feliks;m;Russian
felim;m;Irish
felina;f;Late Roman
feline;f;Dutch
felinus;m;Late Roman
felip;m;Catalan
felipa;f;Spanish
felipe;m;Spanish
felipinho;m;Portuguese (Brazilian)
feliu;m;Catalan
felix;m;German
felizitas;f;German
femi;m;Western African
femie;f;English (Rare)
femke;f;Dutch
femme;m;Dutch
fenella;f;Scottish
fenna;f;Dutch
fenton;m;English
feodor;m;Russian
feodora;f;Russian
feodosiy;m;Russian
feofan;m;Russian (Archaic)
feofil;m;Russian
feofilakt;m;Russian
ferapont;m;Russian
feray;f;Turkish
ferdi;m;German
ferdie;m;English
ferdinand;m;German
ferdinanda;f;Italian
ferdinando;m;Italian
ferdy;m;English
ferdynand;m;Polish
ferenc;m;Hungarian
fereshteh;f;Persian
fereydoon;m;Persian
fereydoun;m;Persian
fergal;m;Irish
fergie;m;Scottish
fergus;m;Irish
feri;m;Hungarian
ferid;m;Azerbaijani
fermin;m;Basque
fermintxo;m;Basque
fern;f;English
fernand;m;French
fernanda;f;Spanish
fernande;f;French
fernando;m;Spanish
ferne;f;English
feroz;m;Pakistani
feroze;m;Pakistani
ferran;m;Catalan
ferrer;m;Various
ferruccio;m;Italian
ferrutius;m;Late Roman
feruza;f;Uzbek
fester;m;Low German
festus;m;Ancient Roman
ffion;f;Welsh
fflur;f;Welsh
ffraid;f;Welsh
ffransis;m;Welsh
fiachna;m;Irish
fiachra;m;Irish
fiacre;m;French
fiammetta;f;Italian
fidda;f;Arabic
fidel;m;Spanish
fidela;f;Spanish
fidelia;f;Spanish (Rare)
fidelis;m;Late Roman
fidelma;f;Irish
fido;m;Pet
fiera;f;Esperanto
fiete;m;German
fife;m;Scottish
fifi;f;French
figaro;m;Literature
fihr;m;Arabic
fikri;m;Arabic
fikriyya;f;Arabic
filat;m;Russian
filbert;m;?
filib;m;Scottish
filibert;m;German
filiberto;m;Italian
filimena;f;Macedonian
filip;m;Swedish
filipa;f;Portuguese
filipe;m;Portuguese
filipina;f;Polish
filipp;m;Russian
filippa;f;Russian
filippo;m;Italian
filippos;m;Greek
filippu;m;Old Church Slavic
filippus;m;Dutch
filips;m;Latvian
fillin;m;Irish
filomena;f;Italian
fima;m;Russian
fina;f;Italian
finbar;m;Irish
finbarr;m;Irish
findlay;m;Scottish
finees;m;Biblical Latin
finella;f;Scottish
fingal;m;Scottish
fingall;m;Scottish
finka;f;Croatian
finlay;m;Irish
finley;m;Irish
finnbar;m;Irish
finnbarr;m;Irish
finnegan;m;Irish
finnguala;f;Irish
finnian;m;Irish
finnr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
finnuala;f;Irish
finnur;m;Icelandic
finola;f;Irish
fintan;m;Irish
fion;m;Irish
fiona;f;Scottish
fionn;m;Irish
fionnbarra;m;Irish
fionnbharr;m;Irish
fionnghall;m;Scottish
fionnghuala;f;Irish
fionnlagh;m;Irish
fionntan;m;Irish
fionnuala;f;Irish
fionola;f;Irish
fioralba;f;Italian
fiorella;f;Italian
fiorenza;f;Italian
fiorenzo;m;Italian
fiorino;m;Italian
firdaus;m;Arabic
firdos;m;Arabic
firenze;f;Various
firmin;m;French
firmino;m;Italian
firminus;m;Late Roman
firoozeh;f;Persian
firouzeh;f;Persian
firoz;m;Persian
firuz;m;Persian
firuza;f;Azerbaijani
firuzeh;f;Persian
fishel;m;Yiddish
fishke;m;Yiddish
fito;m;Spanish
fitz;m;English (Rare)
fitzroy;m;English (Rare)
fizza;f;Arabic
flamur;m;Albanian
flanagan;m;English (Rare)
flann;m;Irish
flannery;m;English (Rare)
flavia;f;Italian
flavian;m;History
flavianus;m;Ancient Roman
flavie;f;French
flavio;m;Italian
flaviu;m;Romanian
flavius;m;Ancient Roman
flemming;m;Danish
fletcher;m;English
fleur;f;French
fleurette;f;French (Rare)
flick;f;English
flip;m;Dutch
flo;f;English
floella;f;English (Rare)
floor;m;Dutch
floortje;f;Dutch
flora;f;English
flore;f;French
florence;m;English
florencio;m;Spanish
florent;m;French
florentia;f;Late Roman
florentin;m;French
florentina;f;Spanish
florentine;f;French
florentino;m;Spanish
florentinus;m;Late Roman
florentius;m;Late Roman
floretta;f;English
florette;f;French (Rare)
florian;m;German
floriana;f;Italian
floriane;f;French
florianne;f;French
floriano;m;Italian
florianus;m;Ancient Roman
florijan;m;Croatian
florin;m;Romanian
florina;f;Romanian
florinda;f;Spanish
florine;f;French
florinus;m;Late Roman
floris;m;Dutch
florrie;f;English
florry;m;Irish
florus;m;Ancient Roman
flossie;f;English
flower;f;English (Rare)
floyd;m;English
flurry;m;Irish
flutura;f;Albanian
flynn;m;English (Rare)
foka;m;Russian
folami;m;Western African
folant;m;Welsh
folcher;m;Ancient Germanic
folke;m;Swedish
foma;m;Russian
fons;m;Dutch
forbes;m;Scottish
ford;m;English
forest;m;English
forrest;m;English
fortunata;f;Italian
fortunato;m;Italian
fortunatus;m;Late Roman
fortune;f;English (Rare)
foster;m;English
fotini;f;Greek
fotios;m;Greek
fotis;m;Greek
fouad;m;Arabic
fox;m;English (Rare)
fran;m;Spanish
franc;m;Slovene
franca;f;Italian
france;f;French
francene;f;English (Rare)
frances;f;English
francesc;m;Catalan
francesca;f;Italian
francesco;m;Italian
francette;f;French
franci;f;Hungarian
francine;f;French
francis;m;English
francisca;f;Spanish
francisco;m;Spanish
franciscus;m;Late Roman
franciska;f;Hungarian
francisque;m;French
franciszek;m;Polish
franciszka;f;Polish
franck;m;French
francka;f;Slovene
frane;m;Croatian
frang;m;Scottish
frangag;f;Scottish
franjo;m;Croatian
frankie;m;English
franklin;m;English
franklyn;m;English
franko;m;Croatian
frannie;f;English
franny;m;English
frano;m;Croatian
frans;m;Dutch
frantziska;f;Basque
frantzisko;m;Basque
franz;m;German
franzi;f;German
franziska;f;German
fraser;m;Scottish
frauke;f;German
frazier;m;Scottish
frea;f;Norse Mythology
fred;m;English
freda;f;English
freddie;m;English
freddy;m;English
fredenand;m;Ancient Germanic
frederica;f;Portuguese
frederick;m;English
frederico;m;Portuguese
frederik;m;Danish
frederikke;f;Danish
frediano;m;Italian
fredo;m;Italian (Rare)
fredric;m;English
fredrick;m;English
fredrik;m;Swedish
fredrika;f;Swedish
freek;m;Dutch
freeman;m;English
freida;f;English
frej;m;Danish
freja;f;Danish
frens;m;Limburgish
frenske;m;Limburgish
frey;m;Norse Mythology
freya;f;Norse Mythology
freyde;f;Yiddish
freyja;f;Norse Mythology
freyr;m;Norse Mythology
fricis;m;Latvian
frida;f;Swedish
fridenot;m;Ancient Germanic
friderik;m;Slovene
frideswide;f;History
fridtjof;m;Swedish
friduhelm;m;Ancient Germanic
friduman;m;Ancient Germanic
fridumar;m;Ancient Germanic
friduric;m;Ancient Germanic
fridwald;m;Ancient Germanic
frieda;f;German
friede;f;German
friedemann;m;German
friederike;f;German
friedhelm;m;German
friedhold;m;German
friedrich;m;German
frige;f;Anglo-Saxon Mythology
frigg;f;Norse Mythology
frigidianus;m;Late Roman
frigyes;m;Hungarian
friso;m;Frisian
fritjof;m;Swedish
frits;m;Dutch
fritz;m;German
fritzi;f;German
frode;m;Danish
frodo;m;Literature
frona;f;English
frosina;f;Macedonian
fruma;f;Yiddish
fruzsina;f;Hungarian
fryderyk;m;Polish
fryderyka;f;Polish
fu;m;Chinese
fuad;m;Arabic
fuat;m;Turkish
fulbert;m;French
fulco;m;Ancient Germanic
fulgencio;m;Spanish
fulgentius;m;Late Roman
fulgenzio;m;Italian
fulk;m;English (Archaic)
fulke;m;English (Archaic)
fulton;m;English
fulvia;f;Italian
fulvio;m;Italian
fulvius;m;Ancient Roman
fumnanya;f;Western African
funanya;f;Western African
funda;f;Turkish
fungai;m;Southern African
funs;m;Dutch
funske;m;Dutch
furaha;f;Eastern African
fusun;f;Turkish
fyfe;m;Scottish
fyodor;m;Russian
gabby;m;English
gabe;m;English
gabi;m;German
gabija;f;Lithuanian
gabino;m;Spanish
gabinus;m;Late Roman
gabir;m;Arabic
gabr;m;Arabic
gabriel;m;French
gabriela;f;Portuguese
gabrielius;m;Lithuanian
gabriella;f;Italian
gabrielle;f;French
gabriels;m;Latvian
gabrijel;m;Croatian
gabrijela;f;Croatian
gad;m;Biblical
gadar;f;Armenian
gae;f;English (Rare)
gaea;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
gaenor;f;Welsh
gaetana;f;Italian
gaetane;f;French
gaetano;m;Italian
gafar;m;Arabic
gage;m;English (Modern)
gahariet;m;Arthurian Romance
gaia;f;Greek Mythology
gaiana;f;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
gaiane;f;Ancient Greek
gail;f;English
gaila;f;English (Rare)
gaios;m;Ancient Greek
gaioz;m;Georgian
gaius;m;Ancient Roman
gaizka;m;Basque
gala;f;Russian
galadriel;f;Literature
galahad;m;Arthurian Romance
galal;m;Arabic
galchobhar;m;Ancient Irish
galen;m;English
galena;f;Bulgarian
galene;f;Ancient Greek
galenos;m;Ancient Greek
galia;f;Hebrew
galila;f;Arabic
galina;f;Russian
galit;f;Hebrew
gall;m;History
gallagher;m;Irish
gallchobhar;m;Irish (Rare)
gallo;m;Italian
gallus;m;Ancient Roman
galo;m;Spanish
galya;f;Russian
gamal;m;Arabic
gamaliel;m;Biblical
gamil;m;Arabic (Egyptian)
gamila;f;Arabic (Egyptian)
gamze;f;Turkish
ganbaatar;m;Mongolian
gandalf;m;Norse Mythology
ganesh;m;Indian
ganesha;m;Indian
gang;m;Chinese
ganix;m;Basque
ganizani;m;Southern African
ganzorig;m;Mongolian
garaile;m;Basque
garbi;f;Basque
garden;f;Basque
gardenia;f;English (Rare)
garegin;m;Armenian
garen;m;Armenian
gareth;m;Welsh
garey;m;English
garfield;m;English
garland;m;English
garnett;m;English
garnette;f;English (Rare)
garret;m;English
garrett;m;English
garrick;m;English
garry;m;English
garsea;m;Medieval Spanish
garth;m;English
garvan;m;Irish
gary;m;English
gaspar;m;Spanish
gaspard;m;French
gaspare;m;Italian
gasparo;m;Italian
gasto;m;Ancient Germanic
gaston;m;French
gathbiyya;f;Arabic
gaubert;m;French
gaufrid;m;Ancient Germanic
gauhar;f;Arabic
gaultier;m;French
gauri;f;Indian
gautam;m;Indian
gautama;m;Indian
gauthier;m;French
gautier;m;French
gautselin;m;Ancient Germanic
gautstafr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
gavin;m;English
gavino;m;Italian
gavrail;m;Bulgarian
gavrel;m;Yiddish
gavriel;m;Hebrew
gavriil;m;Russian
gavriila;f;Russian
gavriilu;m;Old Church Slavic
gavril;m;Bulgarian
gawahir;f;Arabic
gawain;m;Welsh
gawdat;m;Arabic
gay;f;English
gayelord;m;English (Rare)
gayla;f;English
gayle;m;English
gaylord;m;English
gaynor;f;English (British)
gazbiyya;f;Arabic
gazsi;m;Hungarian
gbemisola;f;Western African
gearalt;m;Irish
gebahard;m;Ancient Germanic
gebbert;m;Low German
gebhard;m;German
gedaliah;m;Biblical
gedalyahu;m;Biblical Hebrew
gedeon;m;Biblical Latin
geena;f;English (Rare)
geert;m;Low German
geertje;f;Dutch
geertruida;f;Dutch
geevarghese;m;Indian
geffrey;m;English (Rare)
geghard;m;Armenian
geir;m;Norwegian
geirr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
geltrude;f;Italian
gema;f;Spanish
gemariah;m;Biblical
gemaryahu;m;Biblical Hebrew
gemini;m;Roman Mythology
gemma;f;Italian
genadi;m;Bulgarian
gene;m;English
genesis;f;English (Modern)
genette;f;English (Rare)
geneva;f;English
genevieve;f;English
genevra;f;Various
genghis;m;History
genie;f;English
genista;f;Various
gennadi;m;Russian
gennadios;m;Ancient Greek
gennadius;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
gennadiy;m;Russian
gennadiya;f;Russian
gennady;m;Russian
gennarino;m;Italian
gennaro;m;Italian
genovefa;f;Ancient Celtic
genoveffa;f;Italian
genoveva;f;Spanish
genowefa;f;Polish
gentian;m;Albanian
gentiana;f;Albanian
gentius;m;Albanian
genya;m;Russian
geoff;m;English
geoffrey;m;English
geoffroi;m;Medieval French
geoffroy;m;French
geordie;m;English
georg;m;German
george;m;English
georgeanna;f;English
georgei;m;Medieval Slavic
georgene;f;English
georges;m;French
georgeta;f;Romanian
georgette;f;French
georgi;m;Bulgarian
georgia;f;English
georgiana;f;English
georgie;m;English
georgijs;m;Latvian
georgina;f;English
georgine;f;French
georgios;m;Greek
georgius;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
georgiy;m;Russian
georgo;m;Esperanto
georgs;m;Latvian
georgy;m;Russian
gera;m;Biblical
geraint;m;Welsh
gerald;m;English
geraldine;f;English
geraldo;m;Spanish
gerallt;m;Welsh
gerard;m;English
gerarda;f;Dutch
gerardo;m;Italian
gerasim;m;Russian
gerasimos;m;Greek
gerben;m;Dutch
gerbern;m;Ancient Germanic
gerdina;f;Dutch
gerel;f;Mongolian
gereon;m;German
geretrudis;f;Ancient Germanic (Latinized)
gerfrid;m;Ancient Germanic
gerfried;m;German
gergana;f;Bulgarian
gergely;m;Hungarian
gerhard;m;German
gerhardt;m;German
gerhild;f;German
gerhold;m;German (Archaic)
gerlach;m;Dutch
gerlind;f;Ancient Germanic
gerlinde;f;German
gerlof;m;Dutch
germain;m;French
germaine;f;French
germana;f;Italian
germano;m;Italian
germanus;m;Ancient Roman
germogen;m;Russian
gernot;m;German
gero;m;German
gerolamo;m;Italian
gerold;m;German
gerolf;m;Dutch
gerolt;m;Dutch
geronimo;m;History
gerontius;m;Late Roman
gerrard;m;English (Rare)
gerrit;m;Dutch
gerry;m;English
gershom;m;Biblical
gershon;m;Biblical
gert;m;German
gertie;f;English
gertraud;f;German
gertrud;f;German
gertruda;f;Polish
gertrude;f;English
gertrudes;f;Portuguese
gertrudis;f;Spanish
gertruida;f;Dutch
gerulf;m;German
gervais;m;French
gervaise;f;French (Rare)
gervas;m;German
gervase;m;English (Rare)
gervasio;m;Italian
gervasius;m;Ancient Germanic (Latinized)
gerwazy;m;Polish
gessica;f;Italian
gethin;m;Welsh
gethsemane;f;Biblical
geula;f;Hebrew
gevorg;m;Armenian
ghada;f;Arabic
ghadir;f;Arabic
ghalib;m;Arabic
ghaliya;f;Arabic
ghassan;m;Arabic
ghayth;m;Arabic
ghenadie;m;Romanian
gheorghe;m;Romanian
gherardo;m;Italian (Archaic)
ghislain;m;French
ghislaine;f;French
ghjuvan;m;Corsican
gholam;m;Persian
ghoncheh;f;Persian
ghufran;m;Arabic
ghulam;m;Arabic
ghyslain;m;French (Rare)
ghyslaine;f;French
gi;m;Korean
gia;f;Italian
giachetta;f;Italian
giacinta;f;Italian
giacinto;m;Italian
giacobbe;m;Italian
giacomo;m;Italian
giada;f;Italian
giambattista;m;Italian
giampaolo;m;Italian
giampiero;m;Italian
gian;m;Italian (Archaic)
giancarlo;m;Italian
gianfranco;m;Italian
gianluca;m;Italian
gianluigi;m;Italian
gianmarco;m;Italian
gianmaria;m;Italian
gianna;f;Italian
gianni;m;Italian
giannina;f;Italian
giannino;m;Italian
giannis;m;Greek
gianpaolo;m;Italian
gianpiero;m;Italian
gib;m;English
gideon;m;Biblical
gidie;m;Medieval French
giedrius;m;Lithuanian
giffard;m;English (Rare)
gigi;f;French
gijs;m;Dutch
gijsbert;m;Dutch
gilad;m;Hebrew
gilah;f;Hebrew
gilbert;m;English
gilberta;f;Dutch
gilberte;f;French
gilbertine;f;?
gilberto;m;Italian
gilchrist;m;Scottish
gilda;f;Italian
gilead;m;Biblical
giles;m;English
gilgamesh;m;Near Eastern Mythology
gili;m;Hebrew
gill;f;English
gilles;m;French
gillespie;m;Scottish
gillian;f;English
gillis;m;Dutch
gilroy;m;Irish
giltbert;m;Ancient Germanic
gina;f;Italian
ginette;f;French
ginevra;f;Italian
ginger;f;English
ginnie;f;English
ginny;f;English
gino;m;Italian
gintaras;m;Lithuanian
gioacchino;m;Italian
gioachino;m;Italian
gioconda;f;Italian
gioele;m;Italian
gioia;f;Italian
gionata;m;Italian
giordano;m;Italian
giorgi;m;Georgian
giorgia;f;Italian
giorgina;f;Italian
giorgino;m;Italian
giorgio;m;Italian
giorgos;m;Greek
giosetta;f;Italian
giotto;m;Italian
giovanna;f;Italian
giovannetta;f;Italian
giovanni;m;Italian
giraldo;m;Italian
girish;m;Indian
girisha;m;Indian
girolamo;m;Italian
gisa;f;German
gisbert;m;German
gisela;f;German
giselbert;m;Ancient Germanic
gisella;f;Italian
giselle;f;French
gisila;f;Ancient Germanic
gisilbert;m;Ancient Germanic
gisilfrid;m;Ancient Germanic
gislenus;m;Ancient Germanic (Latinized)
gislin;m;Ancient Germanic
gisselle;f;English (Modern)
gita;f;Indian
githa;f;English (Archaic)
gitta;f;German
gittan;f;Swedish
gitte;f;Danish
gittel;f;Yiddish
giuditta;f;Italian
giulia;f;Italian
giuliana;f;Italian
giuliano;m;Italian
giulietta;f;Italian
giulio;m;Italian
giuseppa;f;Italian
giuseppe;m;Italian
giuseppina;f;Italian
giustina;f;Italian
giustino;m;Italian
givi;m;Georgian
gizella;f;Hungarian
gizi;f;Hungarian
gjergj;m;Albanian
gjon;m;Albanian
gjord;m;Swedish (Rare)
gjorgji;m;Macedonian
gjurd;m;Norwegian (Rare)
gladwin;m;English (Rare)
gladwyn;m;English (Rare)
gladys;f;Welsh
glanville;m;English (Rare)
glaucia;m;Ancient Roman
glauco;m;Italian
glaucus;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
glaukos;m;Greek Mythology
glaw;m;Welsh
gleb;m;Russian
glen;m;Scottish
glenda;f;Welsh
glendower;m;Welsh
glenice;f;Welsh
glenn;m;Scottish
glenna;f;Scottish
glenys;f;Welsh
gligor;m;Macedonian
glooscap;m;New World Mythology
gloria;f;English
gloriana;f;English (Rare)
glorinda;f;Esperanto
glory;f;English (Rare)
gluke;f;Yiddish
glukel;f;Yiddish
glykeria;f;Greek
glyn;m;Welsh
glyndwr;m;Welsh
glynis;f;Welsh
glynn;m;Welsh
gnaeus;m;Ancient Roman
gobind;m;Punjabi
gobinet;f;Irish
gobnait;f;Irish
gobnata;f;History
gobnet;f;Irish
gocha;m;Georgian
godafrid;m;Ancient Germanic
godascalc;m;Ancient Germanic
goddard;m;English (Rare)
godehard;m;Ancient Germanic
godelieve;f;Dutch
godeliva;f;Ancient Germanic
godfrey;m;English
godfried;m;Dutch
godgifu;f;Anglo-Saxon
godiva;f;Anglo-Saxon (Latinized)
godofredo;m;Spanish
godric;m;Anglo-Saxon
godtfred;m;Norwegian
godwine;m;Anglo-Saxon
goffredo;m;Italian
gofraidh;m;Irish
goga;m;Georgian
gohar;f;Armenian
goibniu;m;Irish Mythology
goizane;f;Basque
goizargi;f;Basque
goizeder;f;Basque
gol;f;Persian
golbahar;f;Persian
golda;f;Yiddish
goliath;m;Biblical
golnar;f;Persian
golnara;f;Tatar
golnaz;f;Persian
golshan;m;Persian
golyat;m;Biblical Hebrew
golzar;m;Persian
gomer;m;Biblical
gona;f;Kurdish
gonca;f;Turkish
gonzalo;m;Spanish
goodwin;m;English (Rare)
gopal;m;Indian
gopala;m;Indian
gopinath;m;Indian
gopinatha;m;Indian
goraidh;m;Scottish
goran;m;Croatian
goranka;f;Croatian
gord;m;English
gordan;m;Serbian
gordana;f;Serbian
gorden;m;English
gordian;m;History
gordianus;m;Ancient Roman
gordie;m;English
gordon;m;Scottish
gordy;m;English
gore;m;English (Rare)
goretti;f;Various
gorgi;m;Macedonian
gorica;f;Macedonian
gorka;m;Basque
gormflaith;f;Irish
gormlaith;f;Irish
goro;m;Japanese
goronwy;m;Welsh
gorou;m;Japanese
gosia;f;Polish
gosse;m;English (Rare)
gostislav;m;Medieval Slavic
gotam;m;Indian
gotama;m;Indian
goteleib;m;Ancient Germanic
gottfrid;m;Swedish
gottfried;m;German
gotthard;m;German
gotthilf;m;German
gotthold;m;German
gottlieb;m;German
gottlob;m;German
gottschalk;m;German (Archaic)
gotzon;m;Basque
gotzone;f;Basque
govad;m;Persian Mythology
govannon;m;Welsh Mythology
govind;m;Indian
govinda;m;Indian
gowri;f;Indian
goyathlay;m;Native American
goyo;m;Spanish
gozzo;m;Ancient Germanic
grace;f;English
gracelyn;f;English (Modern)
gracia;f;Spanish
graciana;f;Spanish
graciano;m;Spanish
gracie;f;English
graciela;f;Spanish
gracja;f;Polish
grady;m;Irish
graeme;m;Scottish
graham;m;Scottish
grahame;m;Scottish
grania;f;Irish
grant;m;English
granville;m;English
granya;f;Irish
gratia;f;German
gratian;m;History
gratiana;f;Ancient Roman
gratianus;m;Ancient Roman
gratien;m;French
gray;m;English
grayson;m;English (Modern)
grazia;f;Italian
graziana;f;Italian
graziano;m;Italian
graziella;f;Italian
greer;m;Scottish
greet;f;Dutch
greetje;f;Dutch
greg;m;English
grega;m;Slovene
greger;m;Swedish
gregers;m;Danish
gregg;m;English
gregor;m;German
gregorio;m;Italian
gregorios;m;Greek
gregorius;m;Late Greek (Latinized)
gregory;m;English
greig;m;Scottish
grenville;m;English (Rare)
gresham;m;English (Rare)
greta;f;Swedish
gretchen;f;German
grete;f;German
gretel;f;German
grethe;f;Danish
gretta;f;English
grey;m;English (Rare)
greyson;m;English (Modern)
grga;m;Croatian
grgur;m;Croatian
grid;f;Norse Mythology
grier;m;Scottish
griet;f;Dutch
griffin;m;English
griffith;m;Welsh
grigol;m;Georgian
grigor;m;Welsh
grigore;m;Romanian
grigori;m;Russian
grigorii;m;Medieval Slavic
grigorijs;m;Latvian
grigoriy;m;Russian
grigory;m;Russian
grimhilt;f;Ancient Germanic
griogair;m;Scottish
griselda;f;English
grisha;m;Russian
grizel;f;Scottish
gro;f;Norwegian
gronw;m;Welsh
grosvenor;m;English (Rare)
grover;m;English
grozda;f;Bulgarian
grozdan;m;Bulgarian
grozdana;f;Bulgarian
gruffud;m;Welsh
gruffudd;m;Welsh
gruffydd;m;Welsh
grusha;f;Russian
grwn;m;Welsh
gry;f;Norwegian
grzegorz;m;Polish
guadalupe;m;Spanish
gualberto;m;Portuguese
gualterio;m;Spanish
gualtiero;m;Italian
guarin;m;Medieval French
guda;m;Arabic
gudbrand;m;Norwegian
gudmund;m;Swedish
gudrun;f;Norse Mythology
guendolen;f;English (Rare)
guenevere;f;Arthurian Romance
guerino;m;Italian
guglielmo;m;Italian
guido;m;Italian
guilherme;m;Portuguese
guillaume;m;French
guillem;m;Catalan
guillermo;m;Spanish
guinevere;f;Arthurian Romance
guiomar;m;Portuguese
guiscard;m;Medieval French
gul;m;Pakistani
gulbadan;f;Pakistani
gulbahar;m;Pakistani
gulbrand;m;Norwegian (Rare)
gulbrandr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
gulisa;f;Georgian
gulistan;f;Kurdish
gull;f;Swedish
gulla;f;Ancient Scandinavian
gulnar;f;Kazakh
gulnara;f;Kazakh
gulnaz;f;Kazakh
gulnora;f;Uzbek
gulrukh;f;Pakistani
gulshan;m;Indian
gulzar;m;Pakistani
gumarich;m;Ancient Germanic
gunborg;f;Swedish
gunda;f;German
gundahar;m;Ancient Germanic
gundhram;m;Ancient Germanic
gundisalvus;m;Ancient Germanic (Latinized)
gundula;f;German
gunhild;f;Swedish
gunhilda;f;Scandinavian (Rare)
gunilla;f;Swedish
gunnar;m;Swedish
gunnarr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
gunne;m;Swedish
gunnhild;f;Norwegian
gunnhildr;f;Ancient Scandinavian
gunnvor;f;Norwegian
gunter;m;German
gunther;m;German
guntram;m;German
guntur;m;Indonesian
gunvor;f;Swedish
guo;m;Chinese
gurgen;m;Armenian
gurutz;m;Basque
gurutze;f;Basque
gussie;f;English
gusta;f;Dutch
gustaaf;m;Dutch
gustaf;m;Swedish
gustav;m;Swedish
gustave;m;French
gustavo;m;Italian
gustavs;m;Latvian
gustaw;m;Polish
guto;m;Welsh
gutxi;m;Basque
guus;m;Dutch
guy;m;English
gvidas;m;Lithuanian
gwalchmei;m;Welsh Mythology
gwallter;m;Welsh
gwandoya;m;Eastern African
gwawr;f;Welsh
gwen;f;Welsh
gwenda;f;Welsh
gwendolen;f;Welsh
gwendoline;f;Welsh
gwendolyn;f;Welsh
gweneth;f;Welsh
gwenevere;f;English (Rare)
gwenfrewi;f;Welsh
gwenhwyfar;f;Welsh Mythology
gwenith;f;Welsh
gwenllian;f;Welsh
gwenneg;m;Breton
gwenneth;f;Welsh (Rare)
gwenyth;f;Welsh
gwil;m;Welsh
gwilherm;m;Breton
gwilim;m;Welsh
gwillym;m;Welsh
gwilym;m;Welsh
gwladus;f;Welsh
gwladys;f;Welsh
gwrtheyrn;m;Ancient Celtic
gwydion;m;Welsh Mythology
gwyn;m;Welsh
gwynedd;m;Welsh
gwyneira;f;Welsh
gwyneth;f;Welsh
gwynfor;m;Welsh
gwynn;m;Welsh
gwythyr;m;Welsh
gyatso;m;Tibetan
gyda;f;Danish
gyeong;m;Korean
gyles;m;English (Rare)
gyneth;f;Literature
gypsy;f;English (Rare)
gytha;f;English (Archaic)
gyula;m;Hungarian
gyuri;m;Hungarian
haakon;m;Norwegian
habacuc;m;Biblical Latin
habakkuk;m;Biblical
habib;m;Arabic
habiba;f;Arabic
habibullah;m;Arabic
hacer;f;Turkish
hachiro;m;Japanese
hachirou;m;Japanese
hadad;m;Near Eastern Mythology
hadar;m;Hebrew
hadas;f;Hebrew
hadassah;f;Biblical
hades;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
hadewig;f;Ancient Germanic
hadewych;f;Dutch
hadi;m;Arabic
hadia;f;Arabic
hadil;f;Arabic
hadiya;f;Arabic
hadiyya;f;Arabic
hadjara;f;Arabic
hadley;m;English
hadrian;m;History
hadriana;f;Ancient Roman
hadrianus;m;Ancient Roman
hadufuns;m;Ancient Germanic
hadya;f;Arabic
hadyn;m;English (Rare)
haerviu;m;Ancient Celtic
haf;f;Welsh
hafeez;m;Arabic
hafiz;m;Arabic
hafsa;f;Arabic
hafsah;f;Arabic
hafza;f;Arabic
hagano;m;Ancient Germanic
hagar;f;Biblical
haggai;m;Biblical
haggith;f;Biblical
hagir;f;Arabic
hagit;f;Hebrew
hagne;f;Ancient Greek
hagop;m;Armenian
hai;m;Chinese
haidar;m;Arabic
haidee;f;Literature
haider;m;Arabic
haifa;f;Arabic
haig;m;Armenian
haik;m;Armenian
hailee;f;English (Modern)
hailey;f;English (Modern)
hailie;f;English (Modern)
hailwic;f;Ancient Germanic
haim;m;Hebrew
haimo;m;Ancient Germanic
haizea;f;Basque
hajar;f;Arabic
hajna;f;Hungarian
hajnal;f;Hungarian
hajnalka;f;Hungarian
hajni;f;Hungarian
hakan;m;Turkish
hakeem;m;Arabic
hakim;m;Arabic
hakob;m;Armenian
hal;m;English
hala;f;Arabic
halcyon;f;Various
halcyone;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
haldor;m;Norwegian
haleigh;f;English (Modern)
haley;f;English (Modern)
halim;m;Arabic
halima;f;Arabic
halina;f;Polish
halkyone;f;Greek Mythology
hall;m;English
hallam;m;English (Rare)
halldor;m;Norwegian
halli;m;Ancient Scandinavian
hallie;f;English
hallr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
hallsteinn;m;Ancient Scandinavian
hallvard;m;Norwegian
halstein;m;Norwegian
halsten;m;Swedish
haluk;m;Turkish
halvar;m;Swedish
halvard;m;Norwegian
halvdan;m;Norwegian
halvor;m;Norwegian
halyna;f;Ukrainian
ham;m;Biblical
hameed;m;Arabic
hamid;m;Arabic
hamida;f;Arabic
hamide;f;Persian
hamilcar;m;Ancient Near Eastern (Latinized)
hamilton;m;English
hamish;m;Scottish
hamlet;m;Literature
hammond;m;English (Rare)
hammurabi;m;Ancient Near Eastern
hamnet;m;English (Archaic)
hamo;m;Medieval English
hamon;m;Medieval English
hampus;m;Swedish
hamza;m;Arabic
hanaa;f;Arabic
hanae;f;Japanese
hanako;f;Japanese
hananiah;m;Biblical
hananias;m;Biblical Greek
handan;f;Turkish
hande;f;Turkish
haneul;m;Korean
hani;m;Arabic
hanif;m;Arabic
hanifa;f;Arabic
haniyah;f;Arabic
haniyya;f;Arabic
hank;m;English
hanke;m;Low German
hankin;m;Medieval English
hann;m;Medieval English
hannah;f;English
hannas;m;Biblical Greek
hannele;f;Finnish
hannelore;f;German
hannes;m;Dutch
hannibal;m;Ancient Near Eastern (Latinized)
hannie;f;Dutch
hannu;m;Finnish
hans;m;German
happy;m;English (Rare)
haralamb;m;Romanian
haralambi;m;Bulgarian
harald;m;Swedish
haraldr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
haraldur;m;Icelandic
haran;m;Biblical
harding;m;English
hardman;m;Ancient Germanic
hardmod;m;Ancient Germanic
harduwich;m;Ancient Germanic
hardwin;m;Ancient Germanic
hardy;m;English
harendra;m;Indian
hari;m;Indian
haribert;m;Ancient Germanic
hariman;m;Ancient Germanic
harinder;m;Punjabi
harish;m;Indian
harisha;m;Indian
harith;m;Arabic
hariwald;m;Ancient Germanic
hariwini;m;Ancient Germanic
harkaitz;m;Basque
harlan;m;English
harland;m;English
harley;m;English
harlow;m;English
harm;m;Dutch
harmon;m;English
harmonia;f;Greek Mythology
harmonie;f;English (Rare)
harmony;f;English
harold;m;English
haroldo;m;Spanish
haroon;m;Pakistani
haroun;m;Arabic
harper;m;English
harri;m;Finnish
harriet;f;English
harriett;f;English
harrietta;f;English (Rare)
harriette;f;English
harris;m;English
harrison;m;English
harry;m;English
harsha;m;Indian
harshad;m;Indian
harshal;m;Indian
harta;m;Indonesian
hartley;m;English
hartmann;m;German
hartmut;m;German
hartwig;m;German
hartwin;m;German
haru;m;Japanese
haruka;f;Japanese
haruki;m;Japanese
haruko;f;Japanese
harun;m;Arabic
haruna;f;Japanese
haruto;m;Japanese
harve;m;English
harvey;m;English
harvie;m;English
hasan;m;Arabic
hasdrubal;m;Ancient Near Eastern (Latinized)
hashim;m;Arabic
hasib;m;Arabic
hasim;m;Arabic
haskel;m;Yiddish
hasna;f;Arabic
hassan;m;Arabic
hasse;m;Swedish
hathor;f;Egyptian Mythology (Hellenized)
hatim;m;Arabic
hatshepsut;f;Ancient Egyptian
hattie;f;English
hatty;f;English
haukea;f;Hawaiian
haul;m;Welsh
haunani;f;Hawaiian
haurvatat;f;Persian Mythology
hava;f;Hebrew
havel;m;Czech
haven;m;English
havilah;m;Biblical
havryil;m;Ukrainian
havva;f;Turkish
hawa;f;Arabic
hayate;m;Japanese
hayato;m;Japanese
haydar;m;Turkish
hayden;m;English
hayder;m;Arabic
haydn;m;English (British)
hayfa;f;Arabic
hayim;m;Hebrew
hayk;m;Armenian
haylee;f;English (Modern)
hayleigh;f;English (Modern)
hayley;f;English (Modern)
haylie;f;English (Modern)
haytham;m;Arabic
haywood;m;English
hayyim;m;Hebrew
hazael;m;Biblical
hazan;f;Turkish
haze;f;English (Rare)
hazel;f;English
he;m;Chinese
headley;m;English (Rare)
heard;m;Anglo-Saxon
heath;m;English
heather;f;English
heaven;f;English (Modern)
hebe;f;Greek Mythology
hebel;m;Hebrew
hecate;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
heck;m;Scottish
heckie;m;Scottish
hector;m;English
hed;m;Hebrew
hedda;f;Norwegian
heddwyn;m;Welsh
hedley;m;English (Rare)
hedvig;f;Swedish
hedviga;f;Slovak
hedvika;f;Czech
hedwig;f;German
hedy;f;German
hefin;m;Welsh
hefina;f;Welsh
hege;f;Norwegian
heida;f;German
heidi;f;German
heidrun;f;Norse Mythology
heike;m;Low German
heikki;m;Finnish
heiko;m;Low German
heilwig;f;German
heilyn;m;Welsh
heimirich;m;Ancient Germanic
hein;m;Dutch
heiner;m;German
heino;m;German
heinrich;m;German
heinrike;f;German
heintje;f;Dutch
heinz;m;German
heitor;m;Portuguese
hekate;f;Greek Mythology
hektor;m;Greek Mythology
hel;f;Norse Mythology
helah;f;Biblical
helder;m;Portuguese
heledd;f;Welsh
heleen;f;Dutch
heleena;f;Finnish
heleentje;f;Dutch
helen;f;English
helena;f;German
helene;f;Swedish
helewidis;f;Ancient Germanic
helfried;m;German
helga;f;Swedish
helge;m;Swedish
helgi;m;Ancient Scandinavian
helias;m;Biblical Latin
heliodoro;m;Spanish
heliodoros;m;Ancient Greek
helios;m;Greek Mythology
helka;f;Finnish
hella;f;Swedish
helladios;m;Late Greek
helladius;m;Late Greek (Latinized)
hellen;f;English
helma;f;German
helmfrid;m;Ancient Germanic
helmfried;m;German
helmi;f;Finnish
helmine;f;German
helmo;m;Ancient Germanic
helmold;m;Ancient Germanic
helmut;m;German
helmuth;m;German
hemera;f;Greek Mythology
hemi;m;Maori
hemingr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
hemming;m;Swedish
hena;f;Yiddish
henda;f;Yiddish
hendel;f;Yiddish
henderson;m;English
hendrik;m;Dutch
hendrika;f;Dutch
hendrikje;f;Dutch
hendrina;f;Dutch
hendry;m;Scottish
hene;f;Yiddish
heng;m;Chinese
hengist;m;Ancient Germanic
henk;m;Dutch
henna;f;Finnish
hennie;m;Dutch
henning;m;German
henny;m;Dutch
henri;m;French
henrich;m;Slovak
henricus;m;Ancient Germanic (Latinized)
henrietta;f;English
henriette;f;French
henriikka;f;Finnish
henrik;m;Swedish
henrika;f;Swedish
henrikas;m;Lithuanian
henrike;f;German
henrikki;m;Finnish
henrique;m;Portuguese
henry;m;English
henryk;m;Polish
henryka;f;Polish
henye;f;Yiddish
hephaestus;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
hephaistos;m;Greek Mythology
hephzibah;f;Biblical
hepsie;f;English (Rare)
hepzibah;f;Biblical
hera;f;Greek Mythology
heracleitus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
heraclio;m;Spanish
heraclius;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
herakleides;m;Ancient Greek
herakleios;m;Ancient Greek
herakleitos;m;Ancient Greek
herakles;m;Greek Mythology
herb;m;English
herbert;m;English
herberto;m;Spanish
herbie;m;English
hercule;m;French
hercules;m;Roman Mythology
hereward;m;Anglo-Saxon
hereweald;m;Anglo-Saxon
heribert;m;German
heriberto;m;Spanish
herk;m;Various
herkus;m;Lithuanian
herleif;m;Norwegian
herleifr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
herleva;f;Ancient Germanic
herman;m;English
hermann;m;German
hermanni;m;Finnish
hermanus;m;Dutch
hermenegild;m;German
hermenegildo;m;Spanish
hermes;m;Greek Mythology
hermia;f;Literature
hermine;f;German
herminia;f;Spanish
herminio;m;Spanish
herminius;m;Ancient Roman
hermione;f;Greek Mythology
hermogenes;m;Ancient Greek
hermokrates;m;Ancient Greek
hermolaos;m;Ancient Greek
hernando;m;Spanish
herod;m;Biblical
herodes;m;Ancient Greek
herodion;m;Biblical
herodotus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
heron;m;Ancient Greek
herry;m;Medieval English
herschel;m;Yiddish
hersh;m;Yiddish
hershel;m;Yiddish
hersilia;f;Roman Mythology
herta;f;German
hertha;f;German
heru;m;Egyptian Mythology
herut;f;Hebrew
hervey;m;English
hesekiel;m;Finnish (Rare)
hesham;m;Arabic
heshel;m;Yiddish
hesiod;m;Ancient Greek (Anglicized)
hesperos;m;Ancient Greek
hester;f;English
hestia;f;Greek Mythology
hettie;f;English
heulog;m;Welsh
heulwen;f;Welsh
hevel;m;Hebrew
hewie;m;English (Rare)
heydar;m;Persian
hezekiah;m;Biblical
hiawatha;m;History
hiba;f;Arabic
hibiki;m;Japanese
hidde;m;Frisian
hideaki;m;Japanese
hideki;m;Japanese
hideyoshi;m;Japanese
hieremias;m;Biblical Latin
hieronymos;m;Ancient Greek
hieronymus;m;German
hieu;m;Biblical Latin
hiezecihel;m;Biblical Latin
higini;m;Catalan
hikari;f;Japanese
hikaru;m;Japanese
hikmat;m;Arabic
hila;f;Hebrew
hilaire;m;French
hilargi;f;Basque
hilaria;f;Ancient Roman
hilarion;m;Ancient Greek
hilarius;m;Ancient Roman
hilary;m;English
hilbert;m;German
hild;f;Anglo-Saxon
hilda;f;English
hilde;f;German
hildebert;m;German
hildebrand;m;German (Archaic)
hildefons;m;Ancient Germanic
hildegard;f;German
hildegarde;f;German (Rare)
hildiberht;m;Ancient Germanic
hildigardis;f;Ancient Germanic
hilditrut;f;Ancient Germanic
hildr;f;Ancient Scandinavian
hildred;m;English
hildur;f;Icelandic
hilja;f;Finnish
hillar;m;Estonian
hillary;f;English
hillel;m;Biblical
hillevi;f;Swedish
hiltraud;f;German
hiltrud;f;German
hiltrude;f;German
hina;f;Japanese
hinata;m;Japanese
hind;f;Arabic
hine;f;Maori
hinrich;m;Low German
hinrik;m;Icelandic
hipolit;m;Polish
hippocrates;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
hippokrates;m;Ancient Greek
hippolyta;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
hippolytos;m;Greek Mythology
hirah;m;Biblical
hiraku;m;Japanese
hiram;m;Biblical
hiroko;f;Japanese
hiroshi;m;Japanese
hiroto;m;Japanese
hirsh;m;Yiddish
hirshel;m;Yiddish
hirune;f;Basque
hisein;m;Arabic
hisham;m;Arabic
hitomi;f;Japanese
hiwot;f;Eastern African
hizkiah;m;Biblical
hjalmar;m;Swedish
hlengiwe;f;Southern African
hludowig;m;Ancient Germanic
hoa;f;Vietnamese
hob;m;Medieval English
hode;f;Yiddish
hodei;m;Basque
hodel;f;Yiddish
hodiah;f;Biblical
hodiyah;f;Biblical Hebrew
hoebaer;m;Limburgish
hohepa;m;Maori
hokolesqua;m;Native American
hokulani;f;Hawaiian
holden;m;English (Modern)
holger;m;Swedish
hollie;f;English
hollis;m;English
holly;f;English
homer;m;English
homeros;m;Ancient Greek
honey;f;English (Rare)
hong;m;Chinese
honoka;f;Japanese
honor;f;English (Rare)
honora;f;Irish
honorata;f;Late Roman
honoratus;m;Late Roman
honoria;f;Late Roman
honorina;f;Late Roman
honorine;f;French
honorinus;m;Late Roman
honorius;m;Late Roman
honour;f;English (Rare)
honza;m;Czech
hooda;f;Arabic
hopcyn;m;Welsh
hope;f;English
hopkin;m;Medieval English
horace;m;English
horacio;m;Spanish
horatia;f;Ancient Roman
horatio;m;English
horatius;m;Ancient Roman
horea;m;Romanian
horia;m;Romanian
hormazd;m;Persian Mythology
horos;m;Egyptian Mythology (Hellenized)
horsa;m;Ancient Germanic
horst;m;German
hortense;f;French
hortensia;f;Ancient Roman
hortensius;m;Ancient Roman
horus;m;Egyptian Mythology (Latinized)
hosanna;f;Biblical
hosea;m;Biblical
hoshea;m;Biblical
hoshi;f;Japanese
hoshiko;f;Japanese
hosni;m;Arabic
hossam;m;Arabic
hossein;m;Persian
hotaka;m;Japanese
hotaru;f;Japanese
houda;f;Arabic
hourig;f;Armenian
houssam;m;Arabic
hovhannes;m;Armenian
hovik;m;Armenian
hovo;m;Armenian
hovsep;m;Armenian
howard;m;English
howell;m;Welsh
howie;m;English
hoyt;m;English
hrafn;m;Icelandic
hristijan;m;Macedonian
hristina;f;Bulgarian
hristo;m;Bulgarian
hristofor;m;Bulgarian
hrodebert;m;Ancient Germanic
hroderich;m;Ancient Germanic
hrodger;m;Ancient Germanic
hrodland;m;Ancient Germanic
hrodohaidis;f;Ancient Germanic
hrodpreht;m;Ancient Germanic
hrodulf;m;Ancient Germanic
hrolf;m;Ancient Germanic
hrothgar;m;Anglo-Saxon (Latinized)
hrothulf;m;Anglo-Saxon (Latinized)
hrotsuitha;f;Ancient Germanic
hrvoje;m;Croatian
hryhoriy;m;Ukrainian
hua;m;Chinese
huan;m;Chinese
huang;m;Chinese
hubert;m;English
hubertus;m;Dutch
hubrecht;m;Dutch (Archaic)
huda;f;Arabic
hudde;m;Medieval English
hudes;f;Yiddish
hudson;m;English
huey;m;English
hugh;m;English
hughard;m;Ancient Germanic
hughie;m;English
hugleikr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
hugo;m;Spanish
hugubert;m;Ancient Germanic
hugues;m;French
huguette;f;French
huguo;m;Ancient Germanic
huhana;f;Maori
hui;m;Chinese
huld;f;Norse Mythology
huldah;f;Biblical
hulderic;m;Ancient Germanic
humbert;m;German
humphrey;m;English
humphry;m;English (Rare)
hunberct;m;Ancient Germanic
hunfrid;m;Ancient Germanic
hunter;m;English
huppert;m;Low German
huri;m;Biblical
hurik;f;Armenian
husain;m;Arabic
husam;m;Arabic
husayn;m;Arabic
husein;m;Bosnian
husna;f;Arabic
husni;m;Arabic
husniya;f;Arabic
hussain;m;Arabic
hussein;m;Arabic
huub;m;Dutch
huw;m;Welsh
hwan;m;Korean
hyacintha;f;History
hyacinthe;m;French
hyacinthus;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
hyakinthos;m;Greek Mythology
hyam;m;Hebrew
hyder;m;Arabic
hye;f;Korean
hyeon;m;Korean
hyginos;m;Ancient Greek
hyginus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
hylda;f;English (Rare)
hyledd;f;Welsh
hyman;m;Yiddish
hymie;m;Yiddish
hynek;m;Czech
hypatia;f;Ancient Greek
hypatos;m;Ancient Greek
hyperion;m;Greek Mythology
hyram;m;English (Rare)
hyrum;m;English (Rare)
hyun;m;Korean
hywel;m;Welsh
iacchus;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
iachin;m;Biblical Latin
iacobus;m;Biblical Latin
iacomus;m;Late Roman
iacopo;m;Italian
iael;f;Biblical Greek
iafeth;m;Biblical Latin
iagan;m;Scottish
iago;m;Welsh
iah;m;Egyptian Mythology
iahel;f;Biblical Latin
iain;m;Scottish
iair;m;Biblical Latin
iairos;m;Biblical Greek
iairus;m;Biblical Latin
iakob;m;Georgian
iakobos;m;Biblical Greek
iakopa;m;Hawaiian
iakovu;m;Old Church Slavic
ian;m;Scottish
iancu;m;Romanian
iantha;f;Various
ianthe;f;Greek Mythology
ianto;m;Welsh
ianuarius;m;Ancient Roman
ianus;m;Roman Mythology
iapetos;m;Greek Mythology
iapheth;m;Biblical Greek
iared;m;Biblical Latin
iarfhlaith;m;Irish
iarlaith;m;Irish
iason;m;Greek Mythology
ib;m;Danish
ibai;m;Basque
ibb;f;Medieval English
ibbie;f;English
ibolya;f;Hungarian
ibragim;m;Chechen
ibraheem;m;Arabic
ibrahim;m;Arabic
ibrahima;m;Western African
ibro;m;Bosnian
ibtihaj;f;Arabic
ibtisam;f;Arabic
icarus;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
ichabod;m;Biblical
ichiro;m;Japanese
ichirou;m;Japanese
ida;f;English
idan;m;Hebrew
idella;f;English
idelle;f;English (Rare)
idida;f;Biblical Latin
idir;m;Northern African
idonea;f;English (Archaic)
idony;f;English (Archaic)
idowu;m;Western African
idoya;f;Spanish
idril;f;Literature
idun;f;Norse Mythology
idwal;m;Welsh
iedida;f;Biblical Greek
iefan;m;Welsh
iekika;f;Hawaiian
iephthae;m;Biblical Greek
iepthae;m;Biblical Latin
ieremias;m;Biblical Greek
ieronimus;m;Late Roman
iesha;f;African American (Modern)
iesous;m;Biblical Greek
iestyn;m;Welsh
iesus;m;Biblical Latin
ieuan;m;Welsh
ieva;f;Lithuanian
iezekiel;m;Biblical Greek
ifan;m;Welsh
ife;f;Western African
iga;f;Polish
ige;f;Western African
igerna;f;Arthurian Romance
iggy;m;English
ignaas;m;Dutch
ignac;m;Slovene
ignace;m;French
ignacij;m;Slovene
ignacio;m;Spanish
ignacja;f;Polish
ignacy;m;Polish
ignas;m;Lithuanian
ignasi;m;Catalan
ignatius;m;Late Roman
ignatiy;m;Russian
ignatz;m;German
ignazio;m;Italian
igon;m;Basque
igone;f;Basque
igor;m;Russian
igraine;f;Arthurian Romance
ihab;m;Arabic
ihintza;f;Basque
ihsan;m;Arabic
iida;f;Finnish
iikka;m;Finnish
iines;f;Finnish
iiro;m;Finnish
iisakki;m;Finnish
ikaia;m;Hawaiian
ikaika;m;Hawaiian
ike;m;English
ikenna;m;Western African
iker;m;Basque
ikraam;m;Arabic
ikram;m;Arabic
ila;f;Indian
ilan;m;Hebrew
ilana;f;Hebrew
ilanit;f;Hebrew
ilar;m;Welsh
ilari;m;Russian
ilaria;f;Italian
ilario;m;Italian
ilarion;m;Bulgarian
ilbert;m;English (Rare)
ilda;f;Italian
ildefonso;m;Spanish
ildi;f;Hungarian
ile;m;Macedonian
ilean;f;English (Rare)
ileana;f;Romanian
ileen;f;English (Rare)
ilene;f;English
ilham;m;Arabic
ili;f;Hungarian
ilia;m;Georgian
iliana;f;Greek
ilias;m;Greek
ilie;m;Romanian
ilija;m;Macedonian
ilina;f;Bulgarian
ilinca;f;Romanian
ilinka;f;Macedonian
ilithyia;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
iliya;m;Bulgarian
iliyana;f;Bulgarian
ilka;f;Hungarian
illarion;m;Russian
illiam;m;Manx
illtyd;m;Welsh
ilma;f;Finnish
ilmari;m;Finnish
ilmarinen;m;Finnish Mythology
ilmatar;f;Finnish Mythology
ilona;f;Hungarian
ilonka;f;Hungarian
ilsa;f;German
ilse;f;German
ilta;f;Finnish
ilya;m;Russian
ilyas;m;Arabic
ima;f;Dutch
imaculada;f;Portuguese
imad;m;Arabic
imam;m;Arabic
imamu;m;Eastern African
iman;m;Arabic
imani;m;Eastern African
imanol;m;Basque
ime;m;Western African
imeda;m;Georgian
imelda;f;Italian
imen;m;Arabic
imhotep;m;Ancient Egyptian
pavel;m;Russian
pavelu;m;Old Church Slavic
pavica;f;Croatian
pavla;f;Czech
pavle;m;Serbian
pavli;m;Albanian
pavlina;f;Czech
pavlo;m;Ukrainian
pavlos;m;Greek
pavo;m;Croatian
pavol;m;Slovak
pax;f;Roman Mythology
paxton;m;English (Modern)
payam;m;Persian
payton;m;English (Modern)
peace;f;English (Rare)
peadar;m;Irish
pearce;m;English (Rare)
pearl;f;English
pearle;f;English
pearlie;f;English
pece;m;Macedonian
peder;m;Swedish
pedja;m;Serbian
pedr;m;Welsh
pedrinho;m;Portuguese
pedro;m;Spanish
peer;m;Danish
peers;m;English (Rare)
peeter;m;Estonian
peg;f;English
pegasus;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
peggie;f;English
peggy;f;English
pehr;m;Swedish
peigi;f;Scottish
peio;m;Basque
pejo;m;Croatian
pekka;m;Finnish
pekko;m;Finnish Mythology
pelageya;f;Russian
pelagia;f;Ancient Greek
pelagios;m;Ancient Greek
pelagius;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
pelagiya;f;Russian
pele;f;Polynesian Mythology
peleg;m;Biblical
pelle;m;Swedish
pellegrino;m;Italian
pembe;f;Turkish
pemphero;m;Southern African
pen;f;English
pene;f;English (Rare)
penelope;f;Greek Mythology
peni;m;Hawaiian
peninnah;f;Biblical
penka;f;Bulgarian
penko;m;Bulgarian
penny;f;English
pentti;m;Finnish
penuel;m;Biblical
peony;f;English (Rare)
pepca;f;Slovene
pepe;m;Spanish
pepijn;m;Dutch
pepita;f;Spanish
pepito;m;Spanish
peppe;m;Italian
peppi;m;Italian
peppino;m;Italian
per;m;Swedish
perce;m;English
perceval;m;Arthurian Romance
perchuhi;f;Armenian
percival;m;Arthurian Romance
percy;m;English
perdita;f;Literature
pere;m;Catalan
peredur;m;Welsh Mythology
peregrine;m;English (Rare)
peregrinus;m;Late Roman
perele;f;Yiddish
peretz;m;Hebrew
perez;m;Biblical
perica;m;Croatian
pericles;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
perig;m;Breton
perla;f;Italian
perle;f;Yiddish
perlie;f;English (Rare)
perlita;f;Italian
permelia;f;English (Archaic)
pernel;f;English (Archaic)
pernilla;f;Swedish
pernille;f;Danish
pero;m;Serbian
peronel;f;English (Archaic)
perparim;m;Albanian
perpetua;f;Spanish
perrine;f;French
perry;m;English
persephone;f;Greek Mythology
perseus;m;Greek Mythology
persis;f;Biblical
pertti;m;Finnish
perttu;m;Finnish
peru;m;Basque
perun;m;Slavic Mythology
peta;f;English (Australian)
petar;m;Serbian
pete;m;English
peter;m;English
petera;m;Maori
peti;m;Hungarian
petia;m;Russian
petko;m;Bulgarian
petr;m;Czech
petra;f;Greek
petras;m;Lithuanian
petre;m;Romanian
petri;m;Finnish
petrica;m;Romanian
petrina;f;English (Rare)
petro;m;Ukrainian
petrona;f;Spanish
petronel;f;English (Archaic)
petronela;f;Romanian
petronella;f;Dutch
petronia;f;Ancient Roman
petronilla;f;Italian
petronius;m;Ancient Roman
petros;m;Greek
petru;m;Romanian
petruccio;m;Medieval Italian
petrus;m;Dutch
petter;m;Swedish
petteri;m;Finnish
petula;f;English (Rare)
petunia;f;English (Rare)
petya;m;Russian
peyton;m;English
phaedra;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
phaedrus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
phaenna;f;Greek Mythology
phaidra;f;Greek Mythology
phaidros;m;Ancient Greek
phanouel;m;Biblical Greek
phanuel;m;Biblical
phanuhel;m;Biblical Latin
pharamond;m;Literature
phares;m;Biblical Greek
pharez;m;Biblical
phebe;f;English
phelan;m;Irish
phelim;m;Irish
phelix;m;Biblical Greek
phemie;f;English (Rare)
pheobe;f;English
pherenike;f;Ancient Greek
pherick;m;Manx
phestos;m;Biblical Greek
phil;m;English
philadelphia;f;English (Rare)
philander;m;English (Archaic)
philandros;m;Greek Mythology
philbert;m;French (Rare)
phile;f;Ancient Greek
philemon;m;Biblical
philetus;m;Biblical
philibert;m;French
philip;m;English
philipa;f;English (Rare)
philipp;m;German
philippa;f;English (British)
philippe;m;French
philippina;f;German (Rare)
philippine;f;French
philippos;m;Ancient Greek
philippus;m;Biblical Latin
philis;f;English (Rare)
phillida;f;English (Rare)
phillip;m;English
phillipa;f;English (Rare)
phillis;f;English
philo;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
philokrates;m;Ancient Greek
philomel;f;Literature
philomela;f;Greek Mythology
philomena;f;English
philon;m;Ancient Greek
philotheos;m;Ancient Greek
phineas;m;Biblical
phinees;m;Biblical Greek
phinehas;m;Biblical
phirun;m;Khmer
phobos;m;Greek Mythology
phocas;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
phoebe;f;English
phoebus;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
phoenix;m;English (Modern)
phoibe;f;Greek Mythology
phoibos;m;Greek Mythology
phokas;m;Ancient Greek
photina;f;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
photine;f;Ancient Greek
photios;m;Greek
phrixos;m;Greek Mythology
phrixus;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
phunihel;m;Biblical Latin
phyliss;f;English
phyllida;f;English (Rare)
phyllis;f;Greek Mythology
pia;f;Italian
piaras;m;Irish
pich;m;Khmer
piedad;f;Spanish
pier;m;Dutch
piera;f;Italian
pierce;m;English
pierina;f;Italian
piero;m;Italian
pierre;m;French
pierrette;f;French
pierrick;m;Breton
piers;m;English (British)
piet;m;Dutch
pietari;m;Finnish
pieter;m;Dutch
pietra;f;Italian
pietrina;f;Italian
pietro;m;Italian
pietronella;f;Dutch
piety;f;English (Rare)
piia;f;Finnish
pika;m;Hawaiian
pilar;f;Spanish
pili;f;Spanish
pilib;m;Irish
pilirani;m;Southern African
piloqutinnguaq;f;Native American
pilvi;f;Finnish
pilypas;m;Lithuanian
pim;m;Dutch
pina;f;Italian
pinchas;m;Hebrew
ping;m;Chinese
pinja;f;Finnish
pino;m;Italian
pio;m;Italian
piotr;m;Polish
pip;m;English
pipaluk;f;Native American
piper;f;English (Modern)
pipin;m;Ancient Germanic
pippa;f;English
pipra;f;Esperanto
piran;m;Cornish
piri;f;Hungarian
piripi;m;Maori
piritta;f;Finnish
pirjo;f;Finnish
pirkko;f;Finnish
piroska;f;Hungarian
pista;m;Hungarian
pisti;m;Hungarian
pistis;f;Greek Mythology
pit;m;Limburgish
pitambar;m;Indian
pitambara;m;Indian
pitter;m;Frisian
pius;m;Late Roman
placid;m;English (Rare)
placida;f;Late Roman
placide;m;French
placido;m;Italian
placidus;m;Late Roman
plamen;m;Bulgarian
plato;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
platon;m;Ancient Greek
pleasance;f;English (Archaic)
plinio;m;Italian
plinius;m;Ancient Roman
pliny;m;History
ploutarchos;m;Ancient Greek
plouton;m;Greek Mythology
plutarch;m;History
pluto;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
pocahontas;f;History
poghos;m;Armenian
pol;m;Catalan
pola;f;Polish
polat;m;Turkish
poldi;m;German
polina;f;Russian
pollie;f;English
pollux;m;Roman Mythology
polly;f;English
pollyanna;f;Literature
polona;f;Slovene
polycarp;m;Ancient Greek (Anglicized)
polydeukes;m;Greek Mythology
polyhymnia;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
polymnia;f;Greek Mythology
polyxena;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
pomona;f;Roman Mythology
pompeius;m;Ancient Roman
pompeo;m;Italian
pompey;m;History
pompiliu;m;Romanian
pompilius;m;Ancient Roman
pomponia;f;Ancient Roman
pomponius;m;Ancient Roman
poncio;m;Spanish
pons;m;French
pontius;m;Ancient Roman
pontus;m;Swedish
ponzio;m;Italian
poornima;f;Indian
poppy;f;English (British)
porcia;f;Ancient Roman
porcius;m;Ancient Roman
porfirio;m;Italian
porphyrios;m;Ancient Greek
porsche;f;English (Modern)
porter;m;English
portia;f;English
poseidon;m;Greek Mythology
posie;f;English
posy;f;English
poul;m;Danish
prabhakar;m;Indian
prabhakara;m;Indian
prabhat;m;Indian
prabhu;m;Indian
prabodh;m;Indian
pradeep;m;Indian
pradip;m;Indian
praise;f;English (Rare)
prakash;m;Indian
pramod;m;Indian
pramoda;m;Indian
pran;m;Indian
pranav;m;Indian
pranay;m;Indian
pranvera;f;Albanian
prasad;m;Indian
prasanna;m;Indian
prasert;m;Thai
praskoviya;f;Russian
praskovya;f;Russian
pratap;m;Indian
pratibha;f;Indian
pratima;f;Indian
pravin;m;Indian
praxis;f;Greek Mythology
praxiteles;m;Ancient Greek
preben;m;Danish
precious;f;English (Modern)
predrag;m;Serbian
preecha;m;Thai
preeti;f;Indian
prem;m;Indian
prema;f;Indian
premislav;m;Medieval Slavic
premysl;m;Medieval Slavic
presley;m;English
preston;m;English
priam;m;Greek Mythology (Anglicized)
price;m;Welsh
pridbor;m;Medieval Slavic
pridon;m;Georgian
pridoni;m;Georgian
priita;f;Finnish
primitiva;f;Spanish
primitivo;m;Spanish
primitivus;m;Late Roman
primo;m;Italian
primrose;f;English (Rare)
primula;f;English (Rare)
primus;m;Late Roman
prince;m;English
princess;f;English (Modern)
pris;f;English
prisca;f;Biblical
priscila;f;Portuguese
priscilla;f;English
priscus;m;Ancient Roman
priska;f;German
priskilla;f;Biblical Greek
prissy;f;English
pritha;f;Indian
priti;f;Indian
priya;f;Indian
prochoros;m;Ancient Greek
prochorus;m;Biblical
proinsias;m;Irish
prokhor;m;Russian
prokopios;m;Ancient Greek
prokopis;m;Greek
prokopiy;m;Russian
prokopy;m;Russian
prometheus;m;Greek Mythology
proserpina;f;Roman Mythology
proserpine;f;Roman Mythology
prosper;m;French
prospero;m;Italian
prosperus;m;Late Roman
proteus;m;Greek Mythology
pru;f;English
prudence;m;English
prudencia;f;Spanish
prudencio;m;Spanish
prudentia;f;Late Roman
prudentius;m;Late Roman
prudenzio;m;Italian
prue;f;English
prunella;f;English (Rare)
pryce;m;Welsh
pryderi;m;Welsh
przemek;m;Polish
przemko;m;Polish
przemo;m;Polish
psyche;f;Greek Mythology
ptah;m;Egyptian Mythology
ptolemaios;m;Ancient Greek
ptolemais;f;Ancient Greek
ptolemy;m;History
pua;f;Hawaiian
pualani;f;Hawaiian
puanani;f;Hawaiian
publius;m;Ancient Roman
puck;m;Anglo-Saxon Mythology
punit;m;Indian
purdie;m;English (Rare)
purnama;m;Indonesian
purnima;f;Indian
purushottam;m;Indian
purushottama;m;Indian
pushpa;f;Indian
putra;m;Indonesian
putri;f;Indonesian
pwyll;m;Welsh Mythology
pylyp;m;Ukrainian
pyotr;m;Russian
pyrrhos;m;Greek Mythology
pyrrhus;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
pyry;m;Finnish
pythagoras;m;Ancient Greek
qadir;m;Arabic
qamar;m;Arabic
qasim;m;Arabic
qiana;f;African American (Modern)
qiang;m;Chinese
qillaq;m;Native American
qing;m;Chinese
qismat;m;Arabic
qiu;m;Chinese
quanah;m;Native American
quang;m;Vietnamese
quanna;f;African American (Rare)
queen;f;English
queenie;f;English
quentin;m;French
quetzalcoatl;m;Aztec and Toltec Mythology
quiana;f;African American (Modern)
quianna;f;African American (Rare)
quidel;m;Native American
quim;m;Portuguese
quin;m;English (Rare)
quincey;m;English (Rare)
quincy;m;English
quinlan;m;English (Rare)
quinn;m;Irish
quintella;f;English (Rare)
quinten;m;English
quintilian;m;History
quintilianus;m;Ancient Roman
quintillus;m;Ancient Roman
quintin;m;English
quintina;f;Ancient Roman
quintinus;m;Ancient Roman
quinton;m;English
quintus;m;Ancient Roman
quique;m;Spanish
quirijn;m;Dutch
quirin;m;German
quirina;f;Late Roman
quirino;m;Italian
quirinus;m;Roman Mythology
qusay;m;Arabic
ra;m;Egyptian Mythology
raakel;f;Finnish
raanan;m;Hebrew
rab;m;Scottish
rabab;f;Arabic
raban;m;Ancient Germanic
rabbie;m;Scottish
rabi;m;Arabic
rabindra;m;Bengali
rachael;f;English
rachana;f;Indian
racheal;f;English
rachel;f;English
rachele;f;Italian
rachelle;f;English
rachna;f;Indian
rachyl;f;English (Rare)
racquel;f;English
rada;f;Russian
radana;f;Czech
radboud;m;Dutch
radcliff;m;English (Rare)
radclyffe;m;English (Rare)
rade;m;Serbian
radek;m;Czech
radha;f;Indian
radim;m;Czech
radimir;m;Russian
radka;f;Czech
radko;m;Bulgarian
radmila;f;Serbian
radmilo;m;Serbian
radobod;m;Ancient Germanic
radomil;m;Czech
radomila;f;Czech
radomir;m;Serbian
radomira;f;Serbian
radoslav;m;Czech
radoslava;f;Czech
radovan;m;Slovak
radu;m;Romanian
radulf;m;Ancient Germanic
radzim;m;Polish
radzimierz;m;Polish (Rare)
rae;f;English
raeburn;m;English (Rare)
raelene;f;English (Rare)
raelyn;f;English (Rare)
raf;m;Dutch
rafa;m;Spanish
rafael;m;Spanish
rafaela;f;Spanish
rafe;m;English
raffael;m;German
raffaela;f;German
raffaele;m;Italian
raffaella;f;Italian
raffaello;m;Italian
rafferty;m;English
rafinha;m;Portuguese
rafiq;m;Arabic
rafiqa;f;Arabic
raganhar;m;Ancient Germanic
raganhildis;f;Ancient Germanic
ragemprand;m;Ancient Germanic
raghnaid;f;Scottish
raghnailt;f;Irish
raghnall;m;Irish
raghu;m;Indian
raginald;m;Ancient Germanic
raginhard;m;Ancient Germanic
raginmund;m;Ancient Germanic
ragna;f;Swedish
ragnar;m;Swedish
ragnarr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
ragnhild;f;Swedish
ragnhildr;f;Ancient Scandinavian
ragnhildur;f;Icelandic
ragnvald;m;Swedish
ragnvaldr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
raguel;m;Judeo-Christian Legend
rahab;f;Biblical
raharjo;m;Indonesian
rahat;m;Arabic
raheem;m;Arabic
rahel;f;Biblical Latin
rahela;f;Romanian
rahim;m;Arabic
rahman;m;Arabic
rahul;m;Indian
raibeart;m;Scottish
raiden;m;Far Eastern Mythology
raijin;m;Far Eastern Mythology
raimo;m;Finnish
raimonda;f;Italian
raimondas;m;Lithuanian
raimondo;m;Italian
raimonds;m;Latvian
raimund;m;German
raimunde;f;German
raimundo;m;Spanish
rain;m;English (Rare)
raina;f;Bulgarian
rainard;m;Ancient Germanic
rainbow;f;English (Rare)
raine;m;English (Rare)
rainer;m;German
rainerio;m;Spanish
rainier;m;French
rais;m;Arabic
raisel;f;Yiddish
raj;m;Indian
rajab;m;Arabic
rajani;f;Indian
rajender;m;Indian
rajendra;m;Indian
rajesh;m;Indian
rajinder;m;Punjabi
rajiv;m;Indian
rajiya;f;Arabic
rajko;m;Croatian
rajkumari;f;Indian
rajmund;m;Polish
rajneesh;m;Indian
rajni;f;Indian
rajnish;m;Indian
rajya;f;Arabic
rakel;f;Swedish
rakesh;m;Indian
raleigh;m;English
ralf;m;German
ralph;m;English
ralphie;m;English
raluca;f;Romanian
rama;m;Indian
ramachander;m;Indian
ramachandra;m;Indian
ramadan;m;Arabic
ramakrishna;m;Indian
ramaz;m;Georgian
ramazan;m;Turkish
ramazi;m;Georgian
rambert;m;Ancient Germanic
rameses;m;Ancient Egyptian (Hellenized)
ramesh;m;Indian
ramesha;m;Indian
rameshwar;m;Indian
ramesses;m;Ancient Egyptian (Hellenized)
ramessu;m;Ancient Egyptian
ramiro;m;Spanish
ramla;f;Arabic
ramlah;f;Arabic
ramon;m;Catalan
ramona;f;Spanish
ramsay;m;Scottish
ramses;m;Ancient Egyptian
ramsey;m;English
ran;f;Japanese
rana;f;Arabic
ranald;m;Scottish
randa;f;Arabic
randal;m;English
randall;m;English
randel;m;Medieval English
randell;m;English
randi;f;English
randolf;m;English
randolph;m;English
randulf;m;Ancient Germanic
randy;m;English
rangi;m;Maori
raniero;m;Italian
raniya;f;Arabic
ranj;m;Indian
ranjeet;m;Indian
ranjit;m;Indian
ranka;f;Croatian
ranko;m;Serbian
ransu;m;Finnish
ranulf;m;Scottish
ranulph;m;Scottish
ranya;f;Arabic
raoul;m;French
raphael;m;German
raphaela;f;German
raquel;f;Spanish
rasa;f;Lithuanian
raschelle;f;English (Rare)
rasha;f;Arabic
rashad;m;Arabic
rashaun;m;African American (Rare)
rashawn;m;African American (Modern)
rashed;m;Arabic
rasheed;m;Arabic
rashid;m;Arabic
rashida;f;Arabic
rashmi;f;Indian
rashn;m;Persian Mythology
rashnu;m;Persian Mythology
rasim;m;Arabic
rasima;f;Arabic
rasmus;m;Danish
rastus;m;English (Rare)
rasul;m;Arabic
ratan;m;Indian
rathna;m;Indian
rathnait;f;Irish
rati;f;Indian
ratimir;m;Croatian
ratko;m;Croatian
ratna;m;Indian
ratnam;m;Indian
ratomir;m;Serbian
ratree;f;Thai
ratu;f;Indonesian
rauf;m;Arabic
rauha;f;Finnish
raul;m;Italian
rava;f;Esperanto
raven;m;English
ravenna;f;English (Rare)
ravi;m;Indian
ravid;m;Hebrew
ravinder;m;Punjabi
ravindra;m;Indian
rawiya;f;Arabic
rawya;f;Arabic
ray;m;English
raya;f;Bulgarian
rayan;m;Arabic
rayen;f;Native American
rayhana;f;Arabic
rayko;m;Bulgarian
raylene;f;English (Rare)
raymond;m;English
raymonde;f;French
raymund;m;English (Rare)
raymundo;m;Spanish
raynard;m;English
rayner;m;English (Archaic)
rayno;m;Bulgarian
rayyan;m;Arabic
raz;m;Hebrew
raza;m;Arabic
raziela;f;Hebrew
re;m;Egyptian Mythology
read;m;English (Rare)
reagan;m;English
reanna;f;English (Modern)
reannon;f;English (Rare)
rearden;m;Irish
reba;f;English
rebeca;f;Spanish
rebecca;f;English
rebeccah;f;English (Rare)
rebeccanne;f;English (Rare)
rebecka;f;Swedish
rebeckah;f;English (Rare)
rebeka;f;Hungarian
rebekah;f;Biblical
rebekka;f;German
recep;m;Turkish
red;m;English
redd;m;English (Rare)
redmond;m;Irish
redmund;m;Irish
reece;m;Welsh
reed;m;English
reem;f;Arabic
reena;f;Indian
reene;f;English (Rare)
reenie;f;English (Rare)
rees;m;Welsh
reese;m;Welsh
reeta;f;Finnish
reetta;f;Finnish
refilwe;m;Southern African
reg;m;English
regan;f;English
regana;f;English (Rare)
regena;f;English
reggie;m;English
regin;m;Ancient Germanic
regina;f;English
reginald;m;English
regine;f;German
regula;f;German (Swiss)
regulus;m;Ancient Roman
rehoboam;m;Biblical
rei;f;Japanese
reid;m;English
reijo;m;Finnish
reilly;m;English (Modern)
reima;m;Finnish
reimund;m;German
rein;m;German
reinald;m;Ancient Germanic
reinaldo;m;Portuguese
reine;f;French
reiner;m;German
reinhard;m;German
reinhild;f;German
reinhilde;f;German
reinhold;m;German
reinier;m;Dutch
reino;m;Finnish
reinoud;m;Dutch
reinout;m;Dutch
reko;m;Finnish
remao;m;Limburgish
rembrandt;m;Dutch
remedios;f;Spanish
remei;f;Catalan
remiel;m;Judeo-Christian Legend
remigio;m;Italian
remigius;m;Late Roman
remo;m;Italian
remus;m;Roman Mythology
ren;m;Japanese
rena;f;English
renae;f;English
renard;m;French (Rare)
renat;m;Russian
renata;f;Italian
renate;f;German
renato;m;Italian
renatus;m;Late Roman
renaud;m;French
renee;f;English
reneer;m;Limburgish
renia;f;Polish
renie;f;English (Rare)
renita;f;English
rens;m;Dutch
renzo;m;Italian
reshmi;f;Indian
retha;f;English
reto;m;German (Swiss)
reuben;m;Biblical
reuel;m;Biblical
reut;f;Hebrew
reuven;m;Hebrew
reva;f;Indian
revaz;m;Georgian
revazi;m;Georgian
rex;m;English
rexana;f;English (Rare)
rexanne;f;English (Rare)
reyes;m;Spanish
reyhan;f;Turkish
reyhangul;f;Uyghur
reyna;f;Spanish
reynaldo;m;Spanish
reynard;m;English (Rare)
reynaud;m;French
reynold;m;English
reza;m;Persian
reziko;m;Georgian
rhea;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
rheanna;f;English (Rare)
rheia;f;Greek Mythology
rheinallt;m;Welsh
rhett;m;English
rhetta;f;English (Rare)
rhian;f;Welsh
rhianna;f;English (Modern)
rhiannon;f;Welsh
rhianon;f;Welsh
rhianu;f;Welsh
rhisiart;m;Welsh
rhoda;f;Biblical
rhode;f;Ancient Greek
rhodri;m;Welsh
rhona;f;Scottish
rhonda;f;English
rhonwen;f;Welsh
rhosyn;f;Welsh
rhydderch;m;Welsh
rhys;m;Welsh
ria;f;German
riad;m;Arabic
rian;m;English
riannon;f;Welsh
riaz;m;Arabic
rica;f;English (Rare)
ricard;m;Catalan
ricarda;f;Spanish
ricardo;m;Spanish
riccarda;f;Italian
riccardo;m;Italian
rich;m;English
richard;m;English
richardine;f;English (Rare)
richelle;f;English
richie;m;English
richmal;f;English (Rare)
rick;m;English
rickey;m;English
ricki;m;English
rickie;m;English
ricky;m;English
ricohard;m;Ancient Germanic
rida;m;Arabic
ridha;m;Arabic
ridley;m;English (Rare)
ridwan;m;Arabic
ridwana;f;Arabic
rifka;f;Yiddish
rigantona;f;Celtic Mythology
rigby;m;English (Rare)
rigel;m;Astronomy
rihanna;f;Arabic
rihard;m;Slovene
rihards;m;Latvian
riika;f;Finnish
riikka;f;Finnish
riina;f;Finnish
riitta;f;Finnish
rik;m;Dutch
rika;f;Swedish
rikard;m;Swedish
rike;f;German
rikhard;m;Finnish
rikke;f;Danish
rikki;f;English (Modern)
riko;f;Japanese
rikuto;m;Japanese
riley;m;English
rilla;f;English
rim;f;Arabic
rin;f;Japanese
rinaldo;m;Italian
rini;m;Dutch
rino;m;Italian
rinus;m;Dutch
riny;m;Dutch
riordan;m;Irish
ripley;m;English (Rare)
rishi;m;Indian
risto;m;Finnish
rita;f;Italian
ritchie;m;English
ritika;f;Indian
ritva;f;Finnish
riva;f;Hebrew
river;m;English (Modern)
rivka;f;Hebrew
rivqah;f;Biblical Hebrew
riya;f;Indian
rizwan;m;Arabic
rizwana;f;Arabic
roald;m;Norwegian
roan;m;Frisian
roar;m;Norwegian
rob;m;English
robbe;m;Dutch
robbie;m;English
robby;m;English
robena;f;English (Rare)
robert;m;English
roberta;f;English
robertas;m;Lithuanian
robertina;f;Italian
roberto;m;Italian
roberts;m;Latvian
robi;m;Hungarian
robin;m;English
robina;f;English (Rare)
robrecht;m;Dutch
robyn;f;English
robynne;f;English (Rare)
roc;m;Catalan
rocco;m;Italian
roch;m;French
rochelle;f;English
rochus;m;German
rocky;m;English
rod;m;English
roddy;m;English
roderic;m;Catalan
roderick;m;English
rodge;m;English
rodger;m;English
rodica;f;Romanian
rodina;f;Scottish
rodion;m;Russian
rodney;m;English
rodolf;m;German (Rare)
rodolfito;m;Spanish
rodolfo;m;Italian
rodolph;m;English (Rare)
rodolphe;m;French
rodrigo;m;Spanish
rodrigue;m;French
rodya;m;Russian
roel;m;Dutch
roeland;m;Dutch
roelof;m;Dutch
roffe;m;Swedish
rogelio;m;Spanish
roger;m;English
roghayeh;f;Persian
rogier;m;Dutch
rohese;f;Medieval English
rohesia;f;Medieval English (Latinized)
rohit;m;Indian
roimata;f;Maori
rok;m;Slovene
roko;m;Croatian
roksana;f;Russian
rokuro;m;Japanese
rokurou;m;Japanese
rokus;m;Frisian
rolan;m;Russian
roland;m;English
rolande;f;French
rolando;m;Spanish
rolf;m;German
rolland;m;English
rollo;m;English
rolo;m;English (Rare)
rolph;m;English (Rare)
roly;m;English
romaeus;m;Late Roman
romain;m;French
romaine;f;French
roman;m;Russian
romana;f;Italian
romane;f;French
romano;m;Italian
romanus;m;Late Roman
romayne;f;English (Rare)
romeo;m;Italian
romey;f;English (Rare)
romilda;m;Italian
romina;f;Italian
romola;f;Italian
romolo;m;Italian
romulus;m;Roman Mythology
romy;f;German
ronald;m;Scottish
ronalda;f;Scottish
ronaldo;m;Portuguese
ronda;f;English
ronen;m;Hebrew
rong;m;Chinese
ronja;f;Swedish
ronne;m;Frisian
ronnette;f;English (Rare)
ronnie;m;English
ronny;m;English
roope;m;Finnish
roopertti;m;Finnish
roos;f;Dutch
roosevelt;m;English
roosje;f;Dutch
roparzh;m;Breton
roque;m;Spanish
rorie;m;Irish
rory;m;Irish
ros;f;English
rosabel;f;English (Rare)
rosabella;f;Italian
rosaire;m;French
rosalba;f;Italian
rosaleen;f;English (Rare)
rosalia;f;Italian
rosalie;f;French
rosalin;f;English (Rare)
rosalina;f;Portuguese
rosalind;f;English
rosalinda;f;Spanish
rosaline;f;English
rosalva;f;Spanish
rosalyn;f;English
rosalynne;f;English (Rare)
rosamond;f;English
rosamund;f;English (Rare)
rosana;f;Portuguese
rosangela;f;Italian
rosanna;f;Italian
rosannah;f;English (Rare)
rosanne;f;English
rosaria;f;Italian
rosario;m;Spanish
roscoe;m;English
rose;f;English
roseann;f;English
roseanne;f;English
rosella;f;Italian
roselle;f;French (Rare)
roselyn;f;English
rosemarie;f;English
rosemary;f;English
rosemonde;f;French
rosenda;f;Spanish
rosendo;m;Spanish
roser;f;Catalan
rosetta;f;Italian
rosette;f;French
roshan;m;Persian
roshanak;f;Persian
roshanara;f;Persian
rosheen;f;Irish
roshni;f;Persian
rosica;f;Bulgarian
rosie;f;English
rosina;f;Italian
rosine;f;French
rosinha;f;Portuguese
rosita;f;Spanish
rositsa;f;Bulgarian
roslindis;f;Ancient Germanic
roslyn;f;English
rosmunda;f;Ancient Germanic
ross;m;Scottish
rossana;f;Italian
rossella;f;Italian
rostam;m;Persian
rostislav;m;Russian
rostom;m;Georgian
roswell;m;English
roswitha;f;German
rosy;f;English
rotem;m;Hebrew
rothaid;f;Ancient Germanic
rouben;m;Biblical Greek
roul;m;Medieval French
routh;f;Biblical Greek
rowan;m;Irish
rowanne;f;English (Rare)
rowena;f;English
rowina;f;English (Rare)
rowland;m;English
rowley;m;English
roxana;f;English
roxane;f;French
roxanna;f;English
roxanne;f;English
roxelana;f;History
roxie;f;English
roxy;f;English
roy;m;Scottish
royal;m;English
royale;m;English (Rare)
royce;m;English
roydon;m;English (Rare)
royle;m;English (Rare)
royse;f;Medieval English
royston;m;English (Rare)
roz;f;English
rozabela;f;Esperanto
rozalia;f;Polish
rozalija;f;Lithuanian
rozaliya;f;Russian
rozanne;f;English
rozenn;f;Breton
rozika;f;Croatian
ru;m;Chinese
ruadh;m;Irish
ruairi;m;Scottish
ruairidh;m;Scottish
ruaraidh;m;Scottish
ruarc;m;Irish
ruaridh;m;Scottish
ruba;f;Arabic
rube;m;English
rubem;m;Portuguese (Brazilian)
ruben;m;Swedish
rubena;f;Esperanto
rubens;m;Portuguese (Brazilian)
rubina;f;Italian
rubinho;m;Portuguese
ruby;f;English
rubye;f;English
ruchel;f;Yiddish
rudesind;m;Ancient Germanic
rudi;m;German
rudo;m;Southern African
rudolf;m;German
rudolph;m;English
rudy;m;English
rudyard;m;English (Rare)
rue;f;English
ruedi;m;German (Swiss)
ruf;f;Russian
rufaro;f;Southern African
rufina;f;Russian
rufino;m;Italian
rufinus;m;Ancient Roman
rufus;m;Ancient Roman
ruggero;m;Italian
ruggiero;m;Italian
ruh;m;Arabic
rui;m;Portuguese
ruiha;f;Maori
rukmini;f;Indian
rumbidzai;f;Southern African
rumen;m;Bulgarian
rumena;f;Bulgarian
runa;f;Norwegian
rune;m;Norwegian
rupert;m;Low German
ruperta;f;Spanish
ruperto;m;Spanish
rupinder;f;Punjabi
ruprecht;m;Low German (Archaic)
ruqayya;f;Arabic
ruqayyah;f;Arabic
rurik;m;Russian
rusiko;f;Georgian
ruslan;m;Russian
ruslana;f;Ukrainian
russ;m;English
russel;m;English
russell;m;English
rustam;m;Kazakh
rusty;m;English
rusudan;f;Georgian
rusudani;f;Georgian
rusul;m;Arabic
rut;f;Spanish
ruta;f;Polish
rute;f;Portuguese
rutendo;m;Southern African
rutger;m;Dutch
ruthi;f;Old Church Slavic
ruthie;f;English
ruuben;m;Finnish
ruud;m;Dutch
ruut;f;Finnish
ruwa;f;Arabic
ruxandra;f;Romanian
ruy;m;Portuguese
ruya;f;Arabic
ruzha;f;Bulgarian
ryan;m;Irish
ryana;f;English (Rare)
ryann;f;English (Modern)
ryanne;f;English (Rare)
ryder;m;English (Modern)
ryker;m;English (Modern)
rylan;m;English (Modern)
rylee;f;English (Modern)
ryleigh;f;English (Modern)
ryley;m;English (Modern)
rylie;f;English (Modern)
ryo;m;Japanese
ryoichi;m;Japanese
ryota;m;Japanese
ryou;m;Japanese
ryouichi;m;Japanese
ryouta;m;Japanese
ryszard;m;Polish
ryuu;m;Japanese
ryuunosuke;m;Japanese
saam;m;Persian
saara;f;Finnish
saba;m;Georgian
sabah;m;Arabic
sabahudin;m;Bosnian
sabas;m;Spanish
sabbas;m;Late Greek
sabeen;f;Arabic
sabela;f;Galician
sabella;f;English (Rare)
sabellius;m;Late Roman
sabia;f;Irish Mythology
sabien;f;Dutch
sabina;f;Italian
sabine;f;French
sabino;m;Italian
sabinus;m;Ancient Roman
sable;f;English (Modern)
sabri;m;Arabic
sabrina;f;English
sabriyya;f;Arabic
sabryna;f;English (Rare)
saburo;m;Japanese
saburou;m;Japanese
sacagawea;f;Native American
sacha;m;French
sachairi;m;Scottish
sacheverell;m;English (Rare)
sachie;m;English (Rare)
sachiko;f;Japanese
sachin;m;Indian
sacnite;f;Native American
sadaf;f;Arabic
sadb;f;Irish
sadbh;f;Irish
saddam;m;Arabic
sadhbh;f;Irish
sadie;f;English
saffira;f;Biblical Latin
saffron;f;English (Rare)
safi;m;Arabic
safira;f;Esperanto
safiya;f;Arabic
safiyyah;f;Arabic
saga;f;Norse Mythology
sage;m;English (Modern)
sagi;m;Hebrew
sagit;f;Hebrew
sahak;m;Armenian
sahar;f;Arabic
saibh;f;Irish
saif;m;Arabic
saiful;m;Arabic
saifullah;m;Arabic
saija;f;Finnish
saira;f;Pakistani
sajjad;m;Arabic
sakari;m;Finnish
sakhr;m;Arabic
saki;f;Japanese
sakina;f;Arabic
sakineh;f;Persian
sakke;m;Finnish
saku;m;Finnish
sakura;f;Japanese
sakurako;f;Japanese
sal;m;English
salacia;f;Roman Mythology
saladin;m;History
salah;m;Arabic
salambek;m;Chechen
salamon;m;Hungarian
salathiel;m;Biblical
salathihel;m;Biblical Latin
saleem;m;Arabic
saleh;m;Arabic
salena;f;English (Modern)
salha;f;Arabic
salih;m;Arabic
saliha;f;Arabic
salil;m;Arabic
salim;m;Arabic
salima;f;Arabic
salina;f;English
salli;f;Finnish
sallie;f;English
sally;f;English
salma;f;Arabic
salman;m;Arabic
salome;f;English
salomea;f;Polish
salomon;m;French
saltanat;f;Kazakh
salud;f;Spanish
salut;f;Catalan
salvador;m;Spanish
salvator;m;Late Roman
salvatore;m;Italian
salvatrice;f;Italian
salvatrix;f;Late Roman
salwah;f;Arabic
samad;m;Arabic
samael;m;Judeo-Christian Legend
samanta;f;Italian
samantha;f;English
samar;f;Arabic
samara;f;English (Modern)
samed;m;Turkish
sameer;m;Arabic
sameera;f;Arabic
samia;f;Arabic
samina;f;Arabic
samira;f;Arabic
samiya;f;Arabic
sammi;f;English (Rare)
sammie;m;English
sammy;m;English
samnang;m;Khmer
samo;m;Slovene
samoil;m;Macedonian
samouel;m;Biblical Greek
sampo;m;Finnish
samppa;m;Finnish
samson;m;Biblical
samu;m;Hungarian
samuel;m;English
samuela;f;Italian
samuele;m;Italian
samuhel;m;Biblical Latin
samuil;m;Russian
samuilu;m;Old Church Slavic
samuli;m;Finnish
sana;f;Arabic
sanaa;f;Eastern African
sanaz;f;Persian
sancha;f;Spanish
sanchia;f;Spanish
sancho;m;Spanish
sanctius;m;Late Roman
sanda;f;Romanian
sandalio;m;Spanish
sandeep;m;Indian
sander;m;Dutch
sandford;m;English (Rare)
sandhya;f;Indian
sandi;m;Croatian
sandie;f;English (Rare)
sandip;m;Indian
sandra;f;Italian
sandrine;f;French
sandro;m;Italian
sandu;m;Romanian
sandy;m;English
sanel;m;Croatian
sanela;f;Croatian
sanem;f;Turkish
sanford;m;English
sang;m;Korean
sango;f;Popular Culture
sani;m;Arabic
saniyya;f;Arabic
sanja;f;Croatian
sanjana;f;Indian
sanjay;m;Indian
sanjaya;m;Indian
sanjeet;m;Indian
sanjeev;m;Indian
sanjica;f;Croatian
sanjin;m;Croatian
sanjit;m;Indian
sanjiv;m;Indian
sankar;m;Indian
sanna;f;Swedish
sanne;f;Dutch
sans;m;Medieval Spanish
sansone;m;Italian
santa;f;Italian
santeri;m;Finnish
santiago;m;Spanish
santino;m;Italian
santo;m;Italian
santos;m;Spanish
santtu;m;Finnish
santuzza;f;Italian
sanya;f;Arabic
sanyi;m;Hungarian
saoirse;f;Irish
saoul;m;Biblical Greek
sapir;f;Hebrew
sappheire;f;Biblical Greek
sapphira;f;Biblical
sapphire;f;English (Rare)
sappho;f;Ancient Greek
saqui;f;Native American
sara;f;Greek
sarah;f;English
sarai;f;Biblical
saraid;f;Irish
saral;m;Indian
sarala;f;Indian
sarangerel;f;Mongolian
saranna;f;English (Rare)
saraswati;f;Indian
sarava;m;Various
sardar;m;Persian
sargon;m;History
sariah;f;Mormon
sarika;f;Indian
sarina;f;English (Modern)
sarit;f;Hebrew
sarnai;f;Mongolian
sarosh;m;Persian Mythology
sarpedon;m;Greek Mythology
sarra;f;Biblical Greek
sascha;m;German
sasha;m;Russian
sashi;m;Indian
sashka;f;Macedonian
sasho;m;Macedonian
sasithorn;f;Thai
saskia;f;Dutch
sassa;f;Swedish
satan;m;Theology
satchel;m;English (Rare)
sati;f;Indian
satish;m;Indian
satomi;f;Japanese
satu;f;Finnish
saturn;m;Roman Mythology (Anglicized)
saturnina;f;Ancient Roman
saturnino;m;Spanish
saturninus;m;Ancient Roman
saturnus;m;Roman Mythology
sauda;f;Eastern African
saul;m;Biblical
saule;f;Latvian
sauli;m;Finnish
saulius;m;Lithuanian
saundra;f;Scottish
sava;m;Serbian
savanna;f;English (Modern)
savannah;f;English
saveli;m;Russian
saveliy;m;Russian
savely;m;Russian
saveria;f;Italian
saverio;m;Italian
savina;f;Italian
savino;m;Italian
savio;m;Italian
savitr;m;Indian
savitri;f;Indian
savva;m;Russian
sawney;m;Scottish
sawsan;f;Arabic
sawyer;m;English (Modern)
sawyl;m;Welsh
saxa;f;Ancient Germanic
saxon;m;English (Rare)
sayen;f;Native American
sayuri;f;Japanese
sayyid;m;Arabic
sayyida;f;Arabic
scaevola;m;Ancient Roman
scarlet;f;English (Modern)
scarlett;f;English
scevola;m;Italian
scheherazade;f;Literature
scholastica;f;Late Roman
scholastique;f;French
schuyler;m;English
schwanhild;f;German
scilla;f;Italian
scot;m;English
scott;m;English
scottie;m;English
scotty;m;English
scout;f;English (Rare)
seachlann;m;Irish
seachnall;m;Irish
sead;m;Bosnian
seaghdh;m;Scottish
sean;m;Irish
seanna;f;English (Rare)
sebastiaan;m;Dutch
sebastian;m;German
sebastiana;f;Italian
sebastiano;m;Italian
sebastianus;m;Late Roman
sebastijan;m;Slovene
sebastjan;m;Slovene
seble;f;Eastern African
sechnall;m;Irish
secundinus;m;Ancient Roman
secundus;m;Ancient Roman
seda;f;Turkish
sedef;f;Turkish
sedna;f;Mythology
seema;f;Indian
seeta;f;Indian
seetha;f;Indian
seffora;f;Biblical Latin
sefton;m;English (Rare)
sefu;m;Eastern African
seija;f;Finnish
seisyll;m;Ancient Celtic
sejad;m;Bosnian
sekai;f;Southern African
sekar;m;Indian
sekel;m;Yiddish
sela;f;Biblical
selah;f;Biblical
selby;m;English (Rare)
selena;f;Spanish
selene;f;Greek Mythology
seleucus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
seleukos;m;Ancient Greek
selig;m;Yiddish
selima;f;Arabic
selina;f;English
selma;f;English
selman;m;Turkish
selvaggia;f;Italian
selwyn;m;English (Rare)
sem;m;Biblical Latin
semele;f;Greek Mythology
semen;m;Ukrainian
semyon;m;Russian
senan;m;Irish
sence;f;Medieval Spanish
sender;m;Yiddish
sendoa;m;Basque
seneca;m;Ancient Roman
senga;f;Scottish
senja;f;Finnish
senka;f;Serbian
sens;f;Medieval Spanish
senta;f;German
seoc;m;Scottish
seoirse;m;Irish
seok;m;Korean
seona;f;Scottish
seonag;f;Scottish
seong;m;Korean
seosamh;m;Irish
sepi;m;Finnish
sepp;m;German
seppel;m;German
sepphora;f;Biblical Greek
september;m;English (Rare)
septima;f;Ancient Roman
septimius;m;Ancient Roman
septimus;m;Ancient Roman
sequoia;m;English (Rare)
sera;f;English (Rare)
serafeim;m;Greek
serafim;m;Russian
serafima;f;Russian
serafin;m;Polish
serafina;f;Italian
serafino;m;Italian
seraiah;m;Biblical
seraphina;f;English (Rare)
seraphinus;m;Late Roman
serdar;m;Turkish
seren;f;Welsh
serena;f;English
serenity;f;English (Modern)
serge;m;French
sergei;m;Russian
sergej;m;Russian
sergey;m;Russian
serghei;m;Romanian
sergi;m;Catalan
sergio;m;Italian
sergiu;m;Romanian
sergius;m;Ancient Roman
sergiusz;m;Polish
serhan;m;Turkish
serhat;m;Turkish
serhiy;m;Ukrainian
serik;m;Kazakh
serina;f;English
serkan;m;Turkish
serrena;f;English (Rare)
servaas;m;Dutch
servaos;m;Limburgish
servatius;m;Late Roman
servius;m;Ancient Roman
sesto;m;Italian
set;m;Egyptian Mythology (Hellenized)
sethunya;f;Southern African
seti;m;Ancient Egyptian
setiawan;m;Indonesian
setsuko;f;Japanese
settimio;m;Italian
seumas;m;Scottish
seung;m;Korean
sevan;m;Armenian
sevastian;m;Russian
sevastyan;m;Russian
sevda;f;Turkish
seve;m;Spanish
severi;m;Finnish
severiano;m;Italian
severianus;m;Ancient Roman
severin;m;German
severina;f;Italian
severino;m;Italian
severinus;m;Ancient Roman
severo;m;Italian
severus;m;Ancient Roman
seward;m;English
seweryn;m;Polish
seweryna;f;Polish
sextilius;m;Ancient Roman
sextus;m;Ancient Roman
seyfullah;m;Turkish
seymour;m;English
seyyed;m;Persian
sezim;f;Kazakh
shabnam;f;Persian
shachar;m;Hebrew
shadiya;f;Arabic
shadrach;m;Biblical
shadya;f;Arabic
shae;f;English (Modern)
shaelyn;f;English (Rare)
shafaqat;m;Arabic
shafiq;m;Arabic
shafiqa;f;Arabic
shahar;m;Hebrew
shahd;f;Arabic
shaheen;m;Persian
shahid;m;Arabic
shahin;m;Persian
shahira;f;Arabic
shahjahan;m;Pakistani
shahnaz;m;Persian
shahnoza;f;Uzbek
shahrazad;f;Persian (Rare)
shahriar;m;Persian
shahrivar;m;Persian Mythology
shahriyar;m;Persian
shahrizad;f;Arabic
shahrokh;m;Persian
shahrukh;m;Pakistani
shahrzad;f;Persian
shahzad;m;Persian
shai;m;Hebrew
shailaja;f;Indian
shaimaa;f;Arabic
shaina;f;Yiddish
shaindel;f;Yiddish
shaked;m;Hebrew
shakeel;m;Arabic
shakil;m;Arabic
shakila;f;Arabic
shakir;m;Arabic
shakira;f;Arabic
shakti;f;Indian
shakuntala;f;Indian
shakur;m;Arabic
shakura;f;Arabic
shalev;m;Hebrew
shalom;m;Hebrew
shamgar;m;Biblical
shamira;f;Hebrew
shamsuddin;m;Arabic
shamus;m;Irish
shan;f;English
shana;f;English
shanae;f;English (Modern)
shandar;m;Pakistani
shane;m;Irish
shanelle;f;English (Modern)
shanene;f;English (Rare)
shani;m;Hebrew
shania;f;English (Modern)
shanice;f;African American (Modern)
shanika;f;African American (Modern)
shaniqua;f;African American (Modern)
shankar;m;Indian
shankara;m;Indian
shanna;f;English
shannah;f;English (Rare)
shannen;f;English (Modern)
shannon;m;English
shanon;m;English
shanta;f;Indian
shantae;f;English (Rare)
shantanu;m;Indian
shantel;f;English
shantelle;f;English (Rare)
shanthi;f;Indian
shanti;f;Indian
shapur;m;Persian
shaquila;f;English (Rare)
shaquille;m;English (Modern)
sharalyn;f;English (Rare)
sharar;m;Biblical
shareef;m;Arabic
shari;f;English
shariah;m;Arabic
sharif;m;Arabic
sharifa;f;Arabic
sharise;f;English (Rare)
sharla;f;English
sharleen;f;English
sharlene;f;English
sharma;m;Indian
sharmaine;f;English (Rare)
sharmila;f;Indian
sharon;f;English
sharona;f;English (Rare)
sharron;f;English
sharyl;f;English
sharyn;f;English
shashi;m;Indian
shaun;m;English
shauna;f;English
shavonne;f;Irish
shawn;m;English
shawna;f;English
shawnda;f;English
shawnee;f;English (Modern)
shaye;f;English (Rare)
shayla;f;English
shaylyn;f;English (Rare)
shayma;f;Arabic
shayna;f;Yiddish
shaynah;f;Yiddish
shayne;m;English
shazi;f;Arabic
shea;m;Irish
shealtiel;m;Biblical
sheamus;m;Irish
sheard;m;English (Rare)
sheba;m;Biblical
sheela;f;Indian
sheelagh;f;English (Rare)
sheena;f;Scottish
sheenagh;f;English (Rare)
sheherazade;f;Literature
sheila;f;Irish
sheine;f;Yiddish
shekhar;m;Indian
shekinah;f;Various
shel;m;English
shelagh;f;English (Rare)
shelah;m;Biblical
shelby;m;English
sheldon;m;English
shelena;f;African American (Rare)
shelia;f;English
shell;f;English
shelley;m;English
shelly;m;English
shelomoh;m;Biblical Hebrew
shelton;m;English
shem;m;Biblical
shemaiah;m;Biblical
shemer;m;Biblical
shena;f;English (Modern)
sheona;f;Scottish
sher;m;Pakistani
sheraga;m;Jewish
sherah;f;Biblical
sheree;f;English
shereen;f;Persian
sheri;f;English
sheridan;m;English
sherie;f;English
sherif;m;Arabic
sherill;f;English (Rare)
sherilyn;f;English
sherisse;f;English (Rare)
sherley;f;English (Rare)
sherlock;m;Literature
sherman;m;English
sherri;f;English
sherrie;f;English
sherry;f;English
sherwood;m;English
sheryl;f;English
sheryll;f;English
shet;m;Biblical Hebrew
shevaun;f;Irish
shevon;f;Irish
shi;m;Chinese
shichiro;m;Japanese
shichirou;m;Japanese
shideh;f;Persian
shifra;f;Hebrew
shihab;m;Arabic
shikoba;m;Native American
shila;f;Indian
shiloh;m;Biblical
shimmel;m;Yiddish
shimon;m;Hebrew
shimshon;m;Hebrew
shin;m;Japanese
shinju;f;Japanese
shinobu;m;Japanese
shiori;m;Japanese
shiphrah;f;Biblical
shira;f;Hebrew
shireen;f;Persian
shiri;f;Hebrew
shirin;f;Persian
shirlee;f;English
shirley;m;English
shiro;m;Japanese
shirou;m;Japanese
shivali;f;Indian
shizuka;f;Japanese
shlomit;f;Hebrew
shlomo;m;Hebrew
shmuel;m;Hebrew
sho;m;Japanese
shobha;f;Indian
shohre;f;Persian
shohreh;f;Persian
shokufeh;f;Persian
sholto;m;Scottish
shona;f;Scottish
shonda;f;English
shoshana;f;Hebrew
shoshannah;f;Hebrew
shota;m;Japanese
shou;m;Japanese
shouta;m;Japanese
shpresa;f;Albanian
shprintza;f;Yiddish
shprintze;f;Yiddish
shprintzel;f;Yiddish
shqipe;f;Albanian
shraga;m;Jewish
shresth;m;Indian
shreya;f;Indian
shri;f;Indian
shrinivas;m;Indian
shripati;m;Indian
shrivatsa;m;Indian
shu;f;Chinese
shug;m;Scottish
shui;m;Chinese
shukri;m;Arabic
shukriya;f;Arabic
shukriyya;f;Arabic
shula;f;Arabic
shulamit;f;Hebrew
shulamite;f;Biblical
shulamith;f;Hebrew
shulammit;f;Hebrew
shulammite;f;Hebrew
shura;m;Russian
shweta;f;Indian
shyam;m;Indian
shyama;m;Indian
shyamal;m;Indian
shyamala;f;Indian
shyla;f;English (Modern)
siana;f;Welsh
siani;f;Welsh
siarl;m;Welsh
siavash;m;Persian
siavush;m;Persian
sib;m;Indian
sibilla;f;Italian
sibonakaliso;f;Southern African
sibyl;f;English
sibylla;f;Greek
sibylle;f;German
sid;m;English
siddharta;m;Indian
siddhartha;m;Indian
siddhi;f;Indian
sidney;m;English
sidonia;f;Late Roman
sidonie;f;French
sidonius;m;Late Roman
sidony;f;English (Archaic)
sieffre;m;Welsh
siegbert;m;German
siegfried;m;German
sieghard;m;German
sieghild;f;German
sieglinde;f;German
siegmund;m;German
siegward;m;German
siem;m;Dutch
siemen;m;Dutch
siemowit;m;Polish (Archaic)
siena;f;English (Modern)
sienna;f;English (Modern)
sierra;f;English (Modern)
siet;m;Frisian
sietse;m;Frisian
sieuwerd;m;Dutch
sif;f;Norse Mythology
sigal;f;Hebrew
sigalit;f;Hebrew
sigdag;m;Ancient Germanic
sigeberht;m;Anglo-Saxon
sigeweard;m;Anglo-Saxon
sigfrido;m;Italian
sigge;m;Swedish
sigi;m;German
sigibert;m;Ancient Germanic
sigifrid;m;Ancient Germanic
sigihard;m;Ancient Germanic
sigihild;f;Ancient Germanic
sigilind;f;Ancient Germanic
sigimund;m;Ancient Germanic
sigismund;m;German
sigivald;m;Ancient Germanic
sigiward;m;Ancient Germanic
sigmund;m;German
sigmundr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
signe;f;Swedish
signy;f;Swedish
sigrid;f;Swedish
sigrun;f;Swedish
sigsteinn;m;Ancient Scandinavian
sigurd;m;Swedish
sigvard;m;Swedish
siiri;f;Finnish
sikandar;m;Pakistani
sikke;m;Frisian
silas;m;English
silja;f;Finnish
silje;f;Norwegian
silke;f;German
sille;f;Danish
silouanos;m;Biblical Greek
silva;f;Bulgarian
silvana;f;Italian
silvano;m;Italian
silvanus;m;Roman Mythology
silver;m;English
silvester;m;German
silvestr;m;Czech
silvestra;f;Italian
silvestre;m;Spanish
silvestro;m;Italian
silvia;f;Italian
silvie;f;Czech
silvija;f;Croatian
silvijo;m;Croatian
silvio;m;Italian
silviu;m;Romanian
silvius;m;Late Roman
silviya;f;Bulgarian
sima;f;Indian
simba;m;Eastern African
simcha;m;Hebrew
sime;m;Macedonian
simen;m;Norwegian
simeon;m;Biblical
simin;f;Persian
simion;m;Romanian
simisola;f;Western African
simo;m;Finnish
simon;m;English
simona;f;Italian
simonas;m;Lithuanian
simonetta;f;Italian
simonette;f;English (Rare)
simoni;m;Georgian
simonides;m;Ancient Greek
simonu;m;Old Church Slavic
sinclair;m;English (Rare)
sindre;m;Norwegian
sindri;m;Norse Mythology
sindy;f;English (Rare)
singh;m;Indian (Sikh)
sini;f;Finnish
sinikka;f;Finnish
sinjin;m;English (Rare)
sinta;f;Indonesian
siofra;f;Irish
sionann;f;Irish Mythology
sioned;f;Welsh
siors;m;Welsh
siorus;m;Welsh
sipho;m;Southern African
siran;f;Armenian
siranush;f;Armenian
siri;f;Swedish
siriporn;f;Thai
sirius;m;Astronomy
sirpa;f;Finnish
sirvard;f;Armenian
sirvart;f;Armenian
sisel;f;Yiddish
sisko;f;Finnish
sissie;f;English
sissinnguaq;f;Native American
sissy;f;English
sisu;m;Finnish
sita;f;Indian
sitara;f;Indian
sithembile;m;Southern African
siv;f;Swedish
sive;f;Irish
siwan;f;Welsh
siward;m;Ancient Germanic
sixten;m;Swedish
sizwe;m;Southern African
sjaak;m;Dutch
sjakie;m;Dutch
sjang;m;Limburgish
sjarel;m;Limburgish
sjef;m;Dutch
sjeng;m;Limburgish
sjoerd;m;Frisian
sjors;m;Dutch
sjra;m;Limburgish
sjurd;m;Norwegian
skanda;m;Indian
skender;m;Albanian
skuld;f;Norse Mythology
sky;f;English (Modern)
skye;f;English (Modern)
skylar;m;English (Modern)
skyler;m;English (Modern)
slade;m;English (Modern)
sladjana;f;Serbian
slamet;m;Indonesian
slava;m;Russian
slaven;m;Croatian
slavica;f;Serbian
slavitsa;f;Medieval Slavic
slavka;f;Slovene
slavko;m;Croatian
slavomir;m;Croatian
sloan;f;English (Rare)
sloane;f;English (Rare)
slobodan;m;Serbian
slobodanka;f;Serbian
sly;m;English
smadar;f;Hebrew
smiljana;f;Croatian
smith;m;English
snezhana;f;Russian
snorre;m;Norwegian
snorri;m;Ancient Scandinavian
sobeslav;m;Medieval Slavic
socorro;f;Spanish
socrates;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
sofia;f;Norwegian
sofie;f;German
sofija;f;Serbian
sofiya;f;Russian
sofronio;m;Spanish
sofya;f;Russian
sohail;m;Pakistani
soheil;m;Persian
soheila;f;Persian
sohrab;m;Persian
sohvi;f;Finnish
soile;f;Finnish
soili;f;Finnish
soini;m;Finnish
sokrates;m;Ancient Greek
sokratis;m;Greek
solange;f;French
soledad;f;Spanish
soleil;f;Various
sollemnia;f;Late Roman
solly;m;Jewish
solomon;m;Biblical
solon;m;Ancient Greek
solveig;f;Norwegian
solveiga;f;Latvian
solvej;f;Danish
solvig;f;Swedish
somayeh;f;Persian
somboon;m;Thai
somchai;m;Thai
somerled;m;Scottish
somhairle;m;Scottish
sommer;f;English (Modern)
somporn;m;Thai
somsak;m;Thai
sona;f;Indian
sonal;f;Indian
sondra;f;English
soner;m;Turkish
sonia;f;English
sonja;f;German
sonje;f;German
sonnie;m;English (Rare)
sonny;m;English
sonya;f;Russian
sopheap;m;Khmer
sophia;f;English
sophie;f;French
sophocles;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
sophronia;f;Literature
sophronios;m;Late Greek
sophronius;m;Late Greek (Latinized)
sophus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
sophy;f;English (Rare)
sopio;f;Georgian
sora;m;Japanese
soraya;f;Persian
sorcha;f;Irish
sorin;m;Romanian
sorina;f;Romanian
sorley;m;Scottish
sorne;f;Basque
soroush;m;Persian Mythology
sorrel;f;English (Rare)
sosigenes;m;Ancient Greek
sosimo;m;Spanish
soslan;m;Ossetian
soso;m;Georgian
sosruko;m;Caucasian Mythology
sostrate;f;Ancient Greek
sota;m;Japanese
sothy;m;Khmer
sotiria;f;Greek
sotirios;m;Greek
sotiris;m;Greek
souma;m;Japanese
sousanna;f;Biblical Greek
souta;m;Japanese
sparrow;m;English (Rare)
spartacus;m;History
spartak;m;Russian
spas;m;Bulgarian
spencer;m;English
sperantia;f;Late Roman
spike;m;English (Rare)
spiridon;m;Greek
spirit;f;English (Rare)
spiro;m;Greek
spiros;m;Greek
spomenka;f;Croatian
spring;f;English
sprita;f;Esperanto
spurius;m;Ancient Roman
spyridon;m;Greek
spyridoula;f;Greek
spyro;m;Greek
spyros;m;Greek
sraosha;m;Persian Mythology
sri;f;Indian
sroel;m;Yiddish
ssanyu;f;Eastern African
staas;m;Dutch
stace;m;Medieval English
stacee;f;English (Rare)
stacey;m;English
staci;f;English
stacia;f;English
stacie;f;English
stacy;m;English
staffan;m;Swedish
stafford;m;English
stamatia;f;Greek
stamatios;m;Greek
stamatis;m;Greek
stamen;m;Bulgarian
stana;f;Croatian
stane;m;Slovene
stanford;m;English
stanimir;m;Bulgarian
stanislas;m;History
stanislav;m;Czech
stanislava;f;Czech
stanislovas;m;Lithuanian
stanka;f;Slovene
stanko;m;Slovene
stanley;m;English
star;f;English
starla;f;English
starr;f;English
stas;m;Russian
stasya;f;Russian
stathis;m;Greek
stav;m;Hebrew
stavros;m;Greek
stavroula;f;Greek
ste;m;English
steafan;m;Scottish
steaphan;m;Scottish
steen;m;Danish
steenie;m;Scottish
stef;m;Dutch
stefan;m;German
stefana;f;Dutch
stefani;f;English
stefania;f;Italian
stefanie;f;German
stefanija;f;Macedonian
stefano;m;Italian
stefanos;m;Greek
stefans;m;Latvian
stefanu;m;Old Church Slavic
stefanus;m;Dutch
stefcia;f;Polish
steffan;m;Welsh
steffen;m;Low German
steffi;f;German
steffie;f;German (Rare)
stein;m;Norwegian
steinn;m;Ancient Scandinavian
stela;f;Romanian
stelara;f;Esperanto
stelian;m;Romanian
stelios;m;Greek
stella;f;English
stellan;m;Swedish
sten;m;Swedish
stepan;m;Russian
stepane;m;Georgian
steph;m;English
stephan;m;German
stephani;f;English (Modern)
stephania;f;English
stephanie;f;English
stephanos;m;Ancient Greek
stephanus;m;Biblical Latin
stephany;f;English
stephen;m;English
steponas;m;Lithuanian
steren;f;Cornish
sterling;m;English
sterre;f;Dutch
stevan;m;Serbian
steve;m;English
steven;m;English
stevie;m;English
stevo;m;Serbian
stew;m;English
stewart;m;English
stian;m;Swedish
stien;f;Dutch
stig;m;Swedish
stigr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
stiina;f;Finnish
stijn;m;Dutch
stina;f;Swedish
stine;f;Danish
stipan;m;Croatian
stipe;m;Croatian
stipo;m;Croatian
stirling;m;English (Rare)
stjepan;m;Croatian
stoja;f;Croatian
stojan;m;Macedonian
storm;m;English (Modern)
stoyan;m;Bulgarian
stoyanka;f;Bulgarian
straton;m;Ancient Greek
stribog;m;Slavic Mythology
stu;m;English
stuart;m;English
sture;m;Swedish
stylianos;m;Greek
subhash;m;Indian
subira;f;Eastern African
suchart;m;Thai
sudarshan;m;Indian
sudarshana;f;Indian
sudhir;m;Indian
sue;f;English
suellen;f;English
suha;f;Arabic
suhail;m;Arabic
suhaila;f;Arabic
suharto;m;Indonesian
suhayl;m;Arabic
suibhne;m;Irish
suibne;m;Irish
sujay;m;Indian
suk;m;Korean
sukarno;m;Indonesian
sukhon;f;Thai
sukhrab;m;Kazakh
sukie;f;English
sulabha;f;Indian
sulaiman;m;Arabic
sulayman;m;Arabic
suleiman;m;History
suljo;m;Bosnian
sullivan;m;English
sulo;m;Finnish
sultan;m;Arabic
sultana;f;Arabic
suman;m;Indian
sumantra;m;Indian
sumati;f;Indian
sumayya;f;Arabic
sumiko;f;Japanese
summanus;m;Roman Mythology
summer;f;English
sunan;m;Thai
sundar;m;Indian
sundara;m;Indian
sunday;f;English
sunder;m;Indian
sung;m;Korean
sunil;m;Indian
sunita;f;Indian
sunitha;f;Indian
suniti;f;Indian
sunngifu;f;Anglo-Saxon
sunnifa;f;Medieval Scandinavian
sunniva;f;Norwegian
sunny;f;English
sunshine;f;English
suoma;f;Finnish
suraj;m;Indian
suraya;f;Arabic
surayya;f;Arabic
surendra;m;Indian
suresh;m;Indian
suresha;m;Indian
suri;f;Yiddish
surinder;m;Punjabi
surya;m;Indian
susan;f;English
susana;f;Spanish
susanita;f;Spanish
susann;f;German
susanna;f;Italian
susannah;f;Biblical
susanne;f;German
suse;f;German
susheela;f;Indian
sushil;m;Indian
sushila;m;Indian
susi;f;German
susie;f;English
susila;m;Indonesian
susilo;m;Indonesian
susumu;m;Japanese
sutekh;m;Egyptian Mythology
suvi;f;Finnish
suzan;f;English
suzana;f;Croatian
suzanna;f;English
suzanne;f;French
suzette;f;French
suzi;f;English
suzie;f;English
suzu;f;Japanese
suzume;f;Japanese
suzy;f;English
svana;f;Icelandic
svanhild;f;Norwegian
svanhildr;f;Ancient Scandinavian
svanhildur;f;Icelandic
svante;m;Swedish
svantepolk;m;Ancient Scandinavian
svarog;m;Slavic Mythology
svatava;f;Czech
svea;f;Swedish
svein;m;Norwegian
sveinn;m;Ancient Scandinavian
sven;m;Swedish
svend;m;Danish
svenja;f;German
sverre;m;Norwegian
sverrir;m;Ancient Scandinavian
sveta;f;Russian
svetlana;f;Russian
svetomir;m;Serbian
svetopolk;m;Medieval Slavic
svetoslav;m;Bulgarian
sveva;f;Italian
svitlana;f;Ukrainian
svjetlana;f;Croatian
svyatopolk;m;Russian
svyatoslav;m;Russian
swanahilda;f;Ancient Germanic
swanhild;f;German
swanhilda;f;German
swanhilde;f;German
swapan;m;Indian
swapna;m;Indian
swapnil;m;Indian
swaran;m;Indian
swarna;m;Indian
swati;f;Indian
sweeney;m;Irish
swithin;m;History
swithun;m;History
sybella;f;English (Rare)
sybil;f;English
sybilla;f;Polish
sybille;f;German
syd;m;English
sydne;f;English (Rare)
sydney;m;English
sydnie;f;English (Modern)
syed;m;Pakistani
syeda;f;Pakistani
sylvain;m;French
sylvaine;f;French
sylvana;f;Various
sylvanus;m;English (Archaic)
sylvester;m;English
sylvestre;m;French
sylvi;f;Norwegian
sylvia;f;English
sylviane;f;French
sylvianne;f;French
sylvie;f;French
sylwester;m;Polish
sylwia;f;Polish
symeon;m;Biblical Greek
symeonu;m;Old Church Slavic
symon;m;Ukrainian (Rare)
symphony;f;English (Rare)
syntyche;f;Biblical
syuzanna;f;Russian
szabina;f;Hungarian
szabolcs;m;Hungarian
szandra;f;Hungarian
szczepan;m;Polish
szilveszter;m;Hungarian
szilvia;f;Hungarian
szymon;m;Polish
taalay;m;Kyrgyz
taavetti;m;Finnish
taavi;m;Finnish
tabassum;m;Arabic
tabatha;f;English
tabby;f;English
tabea;f;German
tabita;f;Biblical Latin
tabitha;f;English
tacey;f;English (Archaic)
tacita;f;Ancient Roman
tacito;m;Italian
tacitus;m;Ancient Roman
tad;m;English
tadala;m;Southern African
tadas;m;Lithuanian
taddeo;m;Italian
tadej;m;Slovene
tadeo;m;Spanish
tadeu;m;Portuguese
tadeusz;m;Polish
tadg;m;Irish
tadhg;m;Irish
tadija;m;Croatian
taegan;m;English (Rare)
tafadzwa;m;Southern African
tafari;m;Eastern African
taffy;m;Welsh
taguhi;f;Armenian
taha;m;Arabic
tahir;m;Arabic
tahira;f;Arabic
tahlia;f;Hebrew
tahmasp;m;Ancient Persian
tahmid;m;Arabic
tahmuras;m;Persian Mythology
tahnee;f;English (Rare)
tahvo;m;Finnish
tai;m;Chinese
taichi;m;Japanese
taide;f;Italian (Rare)
taika;f;Finnish (Rare)
taiki;m;Japanese
taimi;f;Finnish
taina;f;Finnish
taisiya;f;Russian
taisto;m;Finnish
taj;m;Arabic
tajana;f;Croatian
tajeddigt;f;Northern African
tajuana;f;African American (Rare)
takahiro;m;Japanese
takako;f;Japanese
takara;f;Japanese
takashi;m;Japanese
takehiko;m;Japanese
takeshi;m;Japanese
takhmaspa;m;Ancient Persian
takis;m;Greek
takondwa;m;Southern African
takouhi;f;Armenian
takuma;m;Japanese
takumi;m;Japanese
tal;m;Hebrew
talaat;m;Arabic
talbot;m;English (Rare)
talfryn;m;Welsh
talgat;m;Kazakh
tali;f;Hebrew
talia;f;Hebrew
talib;m;Arabic
taliba;f;Arabic
taliesin;m;Welsh
talin;f;Armenian
taline;f;Armenian
talisha;f;African American (Rare)
talita;f;Portuguese (Brazilian)
talitha;f;Biblical
tallak;m;Norwegian
tallulah;f;English (Rare)
talmai;m;Biblical
talon;m;English (Modern)
talulla;f;Irish
talya;f;Hebrew
tama;m;Maori
tamandani;m;Southern African
tamar;f;Hebrew
tamara;f;Russian
tamari;f;Georgian
tamati;m;Maori
tamaya;f;Native American
tamaz;m;Georgian
tamazi;m;Georgian
tameka;f;English
tamela;f;English
tamera;f;English
tamerlane;m;History
tami;f;English
tamia;f;English (Modern)
tamid;m;Arabic
tamika;f;English
tamiko;f;Japanese
tamir;m;Hebrew
tammara;f;English (Rare)
tammaro;m;Italian
tammi;f;English
tammie;f;English
tammy;f;English
tamra;f;English
tamrat;m;Eastern African
tamsen;f;English (Rare)
tamsin;f;English (British)
tamsyn;f;English (British)
tamzen;f;English (Rare)
tancred;m;Ancient Germanic
tancredi;m;Italian
tancredo;m;Spanish
tane;m;Maori
taneka;f;African American (Rare)
taneli;m;Finnish
taner;m;Turkish
tanesha;f;African American
tangaroa;m;Polynesian Mythology
tania;f;English
taniel;m;Armenian
tanika;f;African American
taniqua;f;African American (Rare)
tanis;f;Near Eastern Mythology (Hellenized)
tanisha;f;African American
tanit;f;Near Eastern Mythology
tanith;f;Near Eastern Mythology
tanja;f;German
tanner;m;English
tansy;f;English (Rare)
tanya;f;Russian
tanzi;f;English (Rare)
taonga;m;Southern African
tapani;m;Finnish
tapio;m;Finnish
tapiwa;f;Southern African
tarah;f;English (Modern)
tarana;f;Azerbaijani
taranis;m;Celtic Mythology
taras;m;Ukrainian
tarasios;m;Late Greek
tarben;m;Danish
tarek;m;Arabic
tarik;m;Bosnian
tarina;f;English (Rare)
tariq;m;Arabic
tariro;f;Southern African
tarja;f;Finnish
tarmo;m;Finnish
taro;m;Japanese
tarou;m;Japanese
tarquin;m;History
tarquinius;m;Ancient Roman
taru;f;Finnish
taryn;f;English
tase;m;Bulgarian
tasgall;m;Scottish
tasha;f;Russian
tasia;f;Greek
taskill;m;Scottish
tasnim;f;Arabic
tasoula;f;Greek
tate;m;English
tatenda;m;Southern African
tatiana;f;Russian
tatianna;f;English (Modern)
tatianus;m;Ancient Roman
tatienne;f;French
tatius;m;Roman Mythology
tatjana;f;Serbian
tatton;m;English (Rare)
tatu;m;Finnish
tatum;f;English (Modern)
tatyana;f;Russian
tatyanna;f;English (Modern)
tau;m;Southern African
tauno;m;Finnish
tavish;m;Scottish
tawfiq;m;Arabic
tawnee;f;English (Rare)
tawnie;f;English (Rare)
tawny;f;English (Modern)
tayeb;m;Arabic
tayla;f;English (Modern)
taylan;m;Turkish
tayler;m;English (Modern)
taylor;m;English
taymuraz;m;Ossetian
tayyib;m;Arabic
tea;f;Croatian
teagan;m;English (Modern)
teague;m;Irish
teal;f;English (Rare)
teale;f;English (Rare)
teasag;f;Scottish
teca;f;Hungarian
tecla;f;Italian
tecumseh;m;Native American
ted;m;English
teddy;m;English
tedore;m;Georgian
teemu;m;Finnish
tegan;f;Welsh
tegid;m;Welsh
tegwen;f;Welsh
tehila;f;Hebrew
teige;m;Irish
teigue;m;Irish
teija;f;Finnish
teimuraz;m;Georgian
teimurazi;m;Georgian
teivel;m;Yiddish
teja;f;Slovene
tekla;f;Georgian
tekoa;m;Biblical
tel;m;English (British)
telesphoros;m;Ancient Greek
telesphorus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
tellervo;f;Finnish Mythology
telma;f;Portuguese
telmo;m;Portuguese
teman;m;Biblical
temel;m;Turkish
temir;m;Kazakh
temitope;m;Western African
temo;m;Georgian
temperance;f;English (Archaic)
tempest;f;English (Rare)
temple;m;English (Rare)
temujin;m;History
temur;m;Georgian
temuri;m;Georgian
tena;f;Croatian
tendai;m;Southern African
tendaji;m;Eastern African
tengiz;m;Georgian
tenney;m;Medieval English
tennyson;m;English (Rare)
tenskwatawa;m;Native American
tenzin;m;Tibetan
teo;m;Italian
teobaldo;m;Spanish
teodor;m;Swedish
teodora;f;Italian
teodoro;m;Italian
teodors;m;Latvian
teodosija;f;Serbian
teodosio;m;Italian
teodozja;f;Polish
teofil;m;Polish
teofila;f;Italian
teofilo;m;Italian
teppo;m;Finnish
tera;f;English
terach;m;Biblical Hebrew
terah;m;Biblical
terance;m;English
tercero;m;Spanish
tere;f;Spanish
terell;m;English
terence;m;English
terenti;m;Georgian
terentius;m;Ancient Roman
terentiy;m;Russian
terenzio;m;Italian
teresa;f;Spanish
terese;f;Basque
teresia;f;Swedish
teresinha;f;Portuguese
teresita;f;Spanish
tereza;f;Czech
terezie;f;Czech
terezija;f;Slovene
terezinha;f;Portuguese (Brazilian)
terhi;f;Finnish
terho;m;Finnish
teri;f;English
terminus;m;Roman Mythology
tero;m;Finnish
terpsichore;f;Greek Mythology
terra;f;English
terrance;m;English
terrell;m;English
terrence;m;English
terri;f;English
terrie;f;English
tertius;m;Ancient Roman
terttu;f;Finnish
terzo;m;Italian
tesni;f;Welsh
tess;f;English
tessa;f;English
tessan;f;Swedish
tessie;f;English
tethys;f;Greek Mythology
tetty;f;English (Archaic)
teun;m;Dutch
teuna;f;Dutch
teunis;m;Dutch
teuta;f;Albanian
teutorigos;m;Ancient Celtic
teuvo;m;Finnish
tevye;m;Yiddish
tewodros;m;Eastern African
tex;m;English
thabo;m;Southern African
thad;m;English
thaddaeus;m;Biblical
thaddaios;m;Biblical Greek
thaddeus;m;English
thais;f;Ancient Greek
thaksin;m;Thai
thaleia;f;Greek Mythology
thales;m;Ancient Greek
thalia;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
thalita;f;Portuguese (Brazilian)
thamar;f;Biblical Greek
thamina;f;Arabic
thamir;m;Arabic
thana;f;Arabic
thanasis;m;Greek
thanatos;m;Greek Mythology
thancmar;m;Ancient Germanic
thandiwe;f;Southern African
thane;m;English (Rare)
thanh;m;Vietnamese
thankarat;m;Ancient Germanic
thankful;f;English (Archaic)
thanos;m;Greek
thea;f;German
thecla;f;Dutch
theda;f;German
thei;m;Limburgish
theia;f;Greek Mythology
theirn;m;French
thekla;f;German
thelma;f;English
thelonius;m;Various
thema;f;Western African
themba;m;Southern African
themis;f;Greek Mythology
themistocles;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
theo;m;English
theobald;m;English (Rare)
theocritus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
theoderich;m;Ancient Germanic
theodoar;m;Ancient Germanic
theodoard;m;Ancient Germanic
theodoor;m;Dutch
theodor;m;German
theodora;f;English
theodore;m;English
theodoric;m;History
theodoricus;m;Ancient Germanic (Latinized)
theodoros;m;Greek
theodorus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
theodosia;f;Ancient Greek
theodosios;m;Ancient Greek
theodosius;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
theodotos;m;Ancient Greek
theodotus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
theodoulos;m;Ancient Greek
theodulus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
theofilus;m;Dutch (Rare)
theokleia;f;Ancient Greek
theokritos;m;Ancient Greek
theophanes;m;Ancient Greek
theophania;f;Greek
theophil;m;German
theophila;f;Ancient Greek
theophilos;m;Ancient Greek
theophilus;m;Biblical
theophylaktos;m;Greek
theothelm;m;Ancient Germanic
theotleip;m;Ancient Germanic
theotman;m;Ancient Germanic
thera;f;Dutch
therapon;m;Late Greek
therasia;f;Late Roman
theresa;f;English
therese;f;German
theresia;f;German
theron;m;Ancient Greek
thersa;f;Biblical Latin
theseus;m;Greek Mythology
theudelinda;f;Ancient Germanic
theudemar;m;Ancient Germanic
theudhar;m;Ancient Germanic
theudobald;m;Ancient Germanic
theudofrid;m;Ancient Germanic
theudoricus;m;Ancient Germanic (Latinized)
theun;m;Dutch
theunis;m;Dutch
theutrich;m;Ancient Germanic
thi;f;Vietnamese
thiago;m;Portuguese (Brazilian)
thibault;m;French
thiemo;m;German
thierry;m;French
thietmar;m;Ancient Germanic
thijmen;m;Dutch
thijs;m;Dutch
thilo;m;German
thirza;f;Dutch
thoko;m;Southern African
thokozani;m;Southern African
thom;m;English
thoma;m;Old Church Slavic
thomas;m;English
thomasina;f;English
thor;m;Norse Mythology
thora;f;Swedish
thorben;m;Danish
thorborg;f;Swedish
thorburn;m;English (Rare)
thore;m;Swedish
thorley;m;English (Rare)
thornton;m;English
thorstein;m;Norwegian
thorsten;m;Swedish
thorvald;m;Swedish
thoth;m;Egyptian Mythology (Hellenized)
thracius;m;Ancient Roman
thu;f;Vietnamese
thucydides;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
thulani;m;Southern African
thulile;f;Southern African
thurayya;f;Arabic
thurstan;m;English (Rare)
thutmose;m;Ancient Egyptian (Hellenized)
thyra;f;Swedish
thyrza;f;Dutch
tia;f;English
tiago;m;Portuguese
tiamat;f;Near Eastern Mythology
tiana;f;English
tianna;f;English (Modern)
tiara;f;English (Modern)
tiarnach;m;Irish
tibby;m;English
tiberiu;m;Romanian
tiberius;m;Ancient Roman
tibor;m;Hungarian
tiborc;m;Hungarian
tiburcio;m;Spanish
tiburtius;m;Ancient Roman
tichaona;m;Southern African
tidir;f;Northern African
tiede;m;Frisian
tiedemann;m;German (Archaic)
tielo;m;Medieval German
tiernan;m;Irish
tierney;m;Irish
tierra;f;Various
ties;m;Dutch
tifawt;f;Northern African
tiffani;f;English
tiffany;f;English
tiffiny;f;English (Rare)
tiger;m;English (Rare)
tigernach;m;Irish
tighe;m;Irish
tighearnach;m;Irish
tihana;f;Croatian
tihomir;m;Croatian
tiia;f;Finnish
tiina;f;Finnish
tiitus;m;Finnish
tijana;f;Serbian
tijmen;m;Dutch
tijn;m;Dutch
tikhomir;m;Medieval Slavic
tikhon;m;Russian (Rare)
tikva;f;Hebrew
til;f;Dutch
tilda;f;English
till;m;German
tillie;f;English
tillo;m;German (Rare)
tilly;f;English
tilo;m;German
tim;m;English
timaeus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
timaios;m;Ancient Greek
timeus;m;Biblical
timmy;m;English
timofei;m;Russian
timofey;m;Russian
timon;m;Ancient Greek
timotei;m;Bulgarian
timotej;m;Slovene
timoteo;m;Italian
timoteus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
timotha;f;English (Rare)
timothea;f;Ancient Greek
timothei;m;Old Church Slavic
timotheos;m;Ancient Greek
timotheus;m;Biblical Latin
timothy;m;English
timoti;m;Maori
timour;m;History
timur;m;History
tin;m;Croatian
tina;f;English
tinashe;m;Southern African
tinatin;f;Georgian
tinatini;f;Georgian
tinek;m;Slovene
tineke;f;Dutch
tino;m;Italian
tinuviel;f;Literature
tipene;m;Maori
tiphanie;f;English (Rare)
tiras;m;Biblical
tiriaq;m;Native American
tirta;m;Indonesian
tirto;m;Indonesian
tirtzah;f;Hebrew
tirzah;f;Biblical
tisha;f;English
tisiphone;f;Greek Mythology
tit;m;Russian
titania;f;Literature
titas;m;Lithuanian
titiana;f;Ancient Roman
titianus;m;Ancient Roman
titilayo;f;Western African
tito;m;Italian
titos;m;Biblical Greek
titrit;f;Northern African
titty;f;English
titu;m;Old Church Slavic
titus;m;Ancient Roman
tivadar;m;Hungarian
tivoli;m;Various
tiw;m;Anglo-Saxon Mythology
tiwlip;f;Welsh
tiyamike;m;Southern African
tiziana;f;Italian
tiziano;m;Italian
tjaard;m;Frisian
tjeerd;m;Frisian
tlaloc;m;Aztec and Toltec Mythology
toal;m;Irish
tobiah;m;Biblical
tobias;m;Biblical
tobiasz;m;Polish
tobin;m;English
toby;m;English
tod;m;English
todd;m;English
todor;m;Bulgarian
todorka;f;Bulgarian
toiba;f;Yiddish
toinette;f;French
toini;f;Finnish
toirdhealbhach;m;Irish
toivo;m;Finnish
tola;f;Khmer
tolga;m;Turkish
tollak;m;Norwegian
tolly;m;English (Archaic)
tomas;m;Swedish
tomasa;f;Spanish
tomasz;m;Polish
tomek;m;Polish
tomer;m;Hebrew
tomi;m;Finnish
tomica;m;Croatian
tomiko;f;Japanese
tomislav;m;Croatian
tomislava;f;Croatian
tommaso;m;Italian
tommi;m;Finnish
tommie;m;English
tommy;m;English
tomo;m;Croatian
tomoko;f;Japanese
tomomi;f;Japanese
tomos;m;Welsh
toms;m;Latvian
ton;m;Dutch
tondra;f;Esperanto
tonia;f;English
tonina;f;Italian
toninho;m;Portuguese
tonino;m;Italian
tonio;m;Italian
tonka;f;Slovene
tony;m;English
tonya;f;English
toomas;m;Estonian
toon;m;Dutch
topaz;f;English (Rare)
topher;m;English
topi;m;Finnish
topias;m;Finnish
topsy;f;English (Rare)
tor;m;Swedish
tora;f;Swedish
torben;m;Danish
torborg;f;Swedish
torcuil;m;Scottish
tordis;f;Swedish
torgeir;m;Norwegian
torger;m;Norwegian
torgils;m;Norwegian
torgny;m;Swedish
torhild;f;Norwegian
tori;f;English
toria;f;English
toribio;m;Spanish
toril;f;Norwegian
torin;m;Irish
torkel;m;Norwegian
torleif;m;Norwegian
tormod;m;Norwegian
tornike;m;Georgian
torny;f;Norwegian
torquil;m;Scottish
torstein;m;Norwegian
torsten;m;Swedish
torsti;m;Finnish
torvald;m;Swedish
toshe;m;Macedonian
tosia;f;Polish
tottie;f;English
totty;f;English
toufik;m;Arabic
toussaint;m;French
tovah;f;Hebrew
tove;f;Swedish
tovia;m;Hebrew
toviyyah;m;Biblical Hebrew
toya;f;American (Hispanic)
toygar;m;Turkish
trace;m;English
tracee;f;English
tracey;m;English
traci;f;English
tracie;f;English
tracy;m;English
trafford;m;English (Rare)
trahaearn;m;Welsh
traherne;m;Welsh
trai;m;Vietnamese
traian;m;Romanian
traianus;m;Ancient Roman
trajan;m;History
tranter;m;English (Rare)
traugott;m;German
travers;m;English (Rare)
travis;m;English
treasa;f;Irish
treasach;m;Irish
treasure;f;English (Modern)
trecia;f;English (Rare)
trees;f;Dutch
trefor;m;Welsh
trena;f;Macedonian
trendafilka;f;Macedonian
trent;m;English
trenton;m;English
tresha;f;English (Rare)
trev;m;Welsh
trevelyan;m;English (Rare)
trevor;m;Welsh
trey;m;English
tri;m;Indonesian
tria;f;?
tricia;f;English
trifon;m;Bulgarian
triinu;f;Estonian
trijntje;f;Dutch
trina;f;English
trine;f;Danish
trini;f;Spanish
trinidad;m;Spanish
trinity;f;English
trish;f;English
trisha;f;English
trishna;f;Indian
trista;f;English
tristan;m;Welsh
tristen;m;English (Modern)
tristin;m;English (Modern)
triston;m;English (Modern)
tristram;m;English (British)
trix;f;English
trixie;f;English
troels;m;Danish
troy;m;English
trudi;f;German
trudie;f;English
trudy;f;English
trueman;m;English (Rare)
truls;m;Norwegian
truman;m;English
truus;f;Dutch
tryfon;m;Greek
tryggve;m;Swedish
tryggvi;m;Icelandic
trygve;m;Swedish
tryphaina;f;Biblical Greek
tryphena;f;Biblical
tryphon;m;Ancient Greek
tryphosa;f;Biblical
trystan;m;Welsh
tsetseg;f;Mongolian
tsetsiliya;f;Russian
tsholofelo;f;Southern African
tsisana;f;Georgian
tsisia;f;Georgian
tsiuri;f;Georgian
tsubaki;f;Japanese
tsubame;f;Japanese
tsubasa;m;Japanese
tsukiko;f;Japanese
tsveta;f;Bulgarian
tsvetan;m;Bulgarian
tsvetanka;f;Bulgarian
tsvetko;m;Bulgarian
tu;m;Chinese
tuathal;m;Irish (Rare)
tuba;f;Arabic
tucker;m;English (Modern)
tudur;m;Welsh
tue;m;Danish
tufayl;m;Arabic
tugay;m;Turkish
tuija;f;Finnish
tulio;m;Spanish
tullia;f;Italian
tullio;m;Italian
tullius;m;Ancient Roman
tully;m;History
tumelo;m;Southern African
tuncay;m;Turkish
tuomas;m;Finnish
tuomo;m;Finnish
tuor;m;Literature
tupaarnaq;f;Native American
tural;m;Azerbaijani
ture;m;Swedish
turgay;m;Turkish
turid;f;Swedish
turin;m;Literature
turlough;m;Irish
tutankhamon;m;Ancient Egyptian
tutku;m;Turkish
tuula;f;Finnish
tuule;f;Estonian
tuuli;f;Finnish
tuulikki;f;Finnish
tuur;m;Dutch
tuva;f;Swedish
tuvya;m;Hebrew
tvrtko;m;Croatian
twila;f;English
twm;m;Welsh
twyla;f;English
txomin;m;Basque
ty;m;English
tybalt;m;Literature
tycho;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
tychon;m;Ancient Greek
tye;m;English
tyge;m;Danish
tygo;m;Dutch
tyko;m;Swedish
tylar;m;English (Rare)
tyler;m;English
tylor;m;English (Modern)
tymon;m;Polish
tymoteusz;m;Polish
tyr;m;Norse Mythology
tyra;f;Swedish
tyreek;m;African American (Modern)
tyrell;m;English (Modern)
tyrese;m;African American (Modern)
tyrik;m;African American (Modern)
tyriq;m;African American (Modern)
tyron;m;English
tyrone;m;English
tyrrell;m;English (Rare)
tyson;m;English
tytus;m;Polish
tyyne;f;Finnish
tzafrir;m;Hebrew
tzefanyah;m;Biblical Hebrew
tzeitel;f;Yiddish
tzidkiyahu;m;Biblical Hebrew
tzila;f;Hebrew
tzillah;f;Biblical Hebrew
tzion;m;Hebrew
tzipora;f;Hebrew
tziporah;f;Hebrew
tzipporah;f;Hebrew
tzivah;m;Biblical Hebrew
tzivia;f;Hebrew
tzivya;f;Hebrew
tzivyah;f;Biblical Hebrew
tzofiya;f;Hebrew
tzufit;f;Hebrew
tzvi;m;Hebrew
tzvia;f;Hebrew
uaithne;m;Irish
ualan;m;Scottish
uberto;m;Italian
ubon;f;Thai
udane;f;Basque
udi;m;Hebrew
uduak;m;Western African
ueli;m;German (Swiss)
uffe;m;Danish
ufuk;m;Turkish
ufuoma;m;Western African
ugo;m;Italian
uilani;f;Hawaiian
uilleag;m;Irish
uilleam;m;Scottish
uilliam;m;Irish
uinseann;m;Irish
ujarak;m;Native American
uk;m;Korean
ukaleq;f;Native American
ukko;m;Finnish
ula;f;Polish
uladzimir;m;Belarusian
ulderico;m;Italian
ulf;m;Swedish
uliana;f;Russian
ulick;m;Irish
ulises;m;Spanish
ulisse;m;Italian
ulisses;m;Portuguese
ulla;f;Swedish
ulli;m;German
ulloriaq;f;Native American
ulric;m;English (Rare)
ulrica;f;Swedish
ulrich;m;German
ulriikka;f;Finnish (Rare)
ulrik;m;Danish
ulrika;f;Swedish
ulrike;f;German
ulrikke;f;Norwegian
ulyssa;f;English (Rare)
ulysses;m;Roman Mythology
uma;f;Indian
umar;m;Arabic
umberto;m;Italian
ume;f;Japanese
umeko;f;Japanese
umid;m;Uzbek
umida;f;Uzbek
umukoro;m;Western African
umut;m;Turkish
unai;m;Basque
unathi;m;Southern African
undine;f;Literature
unice;f;English (Rare)
unique;f;English (Modern)
unity;f;English (Rare)
unn;f;Norwegian
unnr;f;Ancient Scandinavian
unnur;f;Icelandic
uolevi;m;Finnish
upasana;f;Indian
upton;m;English (Rare)
ural;m;Bashkir
urania;f;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
uranus;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
urbain;m;French
urban;m;Danish
urbana;f;Italian
urbano;m;Italian
urbanus;m;Late Roman
urd;f;Norse Mythology
urh;m;Slovene
urho;m;Finnish
uri;m;Biblical
uriah;m;Biblical
urias;m;Biblical Latin
uriasz;m;Polish
uriel;m;Biblical
urien;m;Welsh
urijah;m;Biblical
uros;m;Serbian
urs;m;German
ursa;f;Late Roman
ursel;f;German
ursella;f;English (Rare)
ursinus;m;Late Roman
ursula;f;English
ursus;m;Late Roman
urszula;f;Polish
urvi;f;Indian
usagi;f;Popular Culture
usama;m;Arabic
uschi;f;German
usha;f;Indian
ushas;f;Indian
usko;m;Finnish
usman;m;Arabic
usoa;f;Basque
ustinya;f;Russian
utari;f;Indonesian
ute;f;German
uther;m;Welsh Mythology
uthman;m;Arabic
uthyr;m;Welsh Mythology
utku;m;Turkish
utu;m;Near Eastern Mythology
utz;m;German
uwe;m;German
uxue;f;Basque
uzi;m;Hebrew
uzma;f;Arabic
uzochi;m;Western African
uzoma;m;Western African
uzzi;m;Biblical
uzziah;m;Biblical
uzziel;m;Biblical
vadik;m;Russian
vadim;m;Russian
vadimir;m;Russian (Rare)
vahagn;m;Armenian Mythology
vahan;m;Armenian
vahid;m;Persian
vakha;m;Chechen
vakhtang;m;Georgian
val;m;English
valarie;f;English
valary;f;English (Rare)
valda;f;Latvian
valdas;m;Lithuanian
valdemar;m;Swedish
valdemaras;m;Lithuanian
valdis;m;Latvian
valencia;f;Spanish
valens;m;Ancient Roman
valent;m;Croatian
valentijn;m;Dutch
valentin;m;Swedish
valentina;f;Italian
valentinianus;m;Ancient Roman
valentino;m;Italian
valentinus;m;Ancient Roman
valentyn;m;Ukrainian
valentyna;f;Ukrainian
valeri;m;Bulgarian
valeria;f;Italian
valerian;m;History
valeriana;f;Ancient Roman
valerianus;m;Ancient Roman
valerie;f;English
valerija;f;Serbian
valerio;m;Italian
valeriu;m;Romanian
valerius;m;Ancient Roman
valeriy;m;Russian
valeriya;f;Russian
valery;m;Russian
valeska;f;German
vali;m;Romanian
valko;m;Bulgarian
valkyrie;f;Various
valli;f;Hinduism
valora;f;Esperanto
valorie;f;English
valpuri;f;Finnish
valter;m;Swedish
valto;m;Finnish
valtteri;m;Finnish
van;m;English
vana;f;Macedonian
vanamo;f;Finnish
vance;m;English
vanda;f;Portuguese
vanesa;f;Czech
vanessa;f;English
vangel;m;Macedonian
vangelija;f;Macedonian
vangelis;m;Greek
vanja;m;Croatian
vanni;m;Italian
vano;m;Georgian
vanya;m;Russian
vappu;f;Finnish
varda;f;Hebrew
vardah;f;Hebrew
vardan;m;Armenian
vardo;f;Georgian
varduhi;f;Armenian
varfolomei;m;Russian (Rare)
varfolomey;m;Russian (Rare)
varg;m;Norwegian
varghese;m;Indian
varinia;f;Ancient Roman
varinius;m;Ancient Roman
varius;m;Ancient Roman
varlaam;m;Russian
varlam;m;Russian
varnava;m;Russian
varpu;f;Finnish
vartan;m;Armenian
vartolomej;m;Serbian (Rare)
vartouhi;f;Armenian
varvara;f;Russian
varya;f;Russian
vasa;f;Macedonian
vasant;m;Indian
vasanta;m;Indian
vasanti;f;Indian
vasco;m;Spanish
vashti;f;Biblical
vasil;m;Bulgarian
vasile;m;Romanian
vasili;m;Russian
vasilica;m;Romanian
vasilii;m;Medieval Slavic
vasilija;f;Serbian
vasilije;m;Serbian
vasiliki;f;Greek
vasilios;m;Greek
vasilis;m;Greek
vasilisa;f;Russian
vasiliy;m;Russian
vasilka;f;Bulgarian
vasily;m;Russian
vaska;m;Russian
vasko;m;Macedonian
vaso;m;Greek
vassilis;m;Greek
vassily;m;Russian
vasu;m;Indian
vasuda;f;Indian
vasudha;f;Indian
vasundhara;f;Indian
vasya;m;Russian
vasyl;m;Ukrainian
vasylyna;f;Ukrainian
vaughan;m;Welsh
vaughn;m;Welsh
vavrinec;m;Slovak
vayu;m;Hinduism
vazha;m;Georgian
veaceslav;m;Romanian
veasna;m;Khmer
veca;f;Serbian
veceslav;m;Medieval Czech
vecheslav;m;Medieval Slavic
veda;f;Indian
vedat;m;Turkish
vedran;m;Croatian
vedrana;f;Croatian
veer;f;Dutch
veera;f;Finnish
veerke;f;Dutch
veeti;m;Finnish
vega;f;Astronomy
veikko;m;Finnish
veit;m;German
velasco;m;Medieval Spanish
velda;f;English
veles;m;Slavic Mythology
veli;m;Finnish
velia;f;Italian
velibor;m;Serbian
velimir;m;Croatian
veljko;m;Serbian
vellamo;f;Finnish Mythology
velma;f;English
velvel;m;Yiddish
velvela;f;Yiddish
velvet;f;English
vena;f;Indian
vencel;m;Hungarian
venceslao;m;Italian
venceslaus;m;Medieval Czech (Latinized)
vendela;f;Swedish
vendula;f;Czech
venera;f;Russian
venetia;f;English
veniamin;m;Russian
veniaminu;m;Old Church Slavic
venijamin;m;Macedonian
venka;f;Esperanto
venkat;m;Indian
venkata;m;Indian
venla;f;Finnish
ventseslav;m;Bulgarian
venus;f;Roman Mythology
venyamin;m;Russian
vepkhia;m;Georgian
vercingetorix;m;Ancient Celtic
verdandi;f;Norse Mythology
vere;m;English
vered;f;Hebrew
verena;f;German
verethragna;m;Persian Mythology
vergil;m;English
vergilius;m;Ancient Roman
verginia;f;Ancient Roman
verginius;m;Ancient Roman
verica;f;Serbian
verissimus;m;Late Roman
verity;f;English (Archaic)
vern;m;English
verna;f;English
verner;m;Swedish
vernon;m;English
verochka;f;Russian
verona;f;Various
veronica;f;English
veronika;f;Russian
vertti;m;Finnish
verusha;f;Russian
vesela;f;Macedonian
veselin;m;Bulgarian
veselko;m;Croatian
vesna;f;Croatian
vespasian;m;History
vespasiano;m;Italian
vespasianus;m;Ancient Roman
vespasien;m;French
vespera;f;Esperanto
vesta;f;Roman Mythology
vester;m;German
veta;f;Macedonian
veva;f;English
vi;f;English
vianne;f;English (Rare)
viator;m;Late Roman
viatrix;f;Late Roman
vibeke;f;Danish
vibiana;f;Ancient Roman
vibianus;m;Ancient Roman
vibius;m;Ancient Roman
vibol;m;Khmer
vic;m;English
vicent;m;Catalan
vicente;m;Spanish
vicki;f;English
vickie;f;English
vicky;f;English
vico;m;Italian
victoire;f;French
victor;m;English
victoria;f;English
victorina;f;Late Roman
victorine;f;French
victorino;m;Spanish
victorinus;m;Late Roman
victorius;m;Late Roman
vid;m;Slovene
vidal;m;Spanish
vidar;m;Swedish
vidya;f;Indian
vienne;f;French
vieno;m;Finnish
viggo;m;Swedish
viivi;f;Finnish
vijay;m;Indian
vijaya;m;Indian
vikenti;m;Russian
vikentije;m;Serbian
vikentiy;m;Russian
viking;m;Swedish
vikki;f;English
vikram;m;Indian
vikrama;m;Indian
viktor;m;Swedish
viktoras;m;Lithuanian
viktoria;f;German
viktorie;f;Czech
viktorija;f;Lithuanian
viktoriya;f;Russian
vilen;m;Russian
vilfred;m;Danish
vilfredo;m;Italian
vilhelm;m;Swedish
vilhelmas;m;Lithuanian
vilhelmi;m;Finnish
vilhelmiina;f;Finnish
vilhelmina;f;Swedish
vilhelmo;m;Esperanto
vilhelms;m;Latvian
vilho;m;Finnish
vili;m;Hungarian
viliam;m;Slovak
vilim;m;Croatian
vilis;m;Latvian
viljami;m;Finnish
viljem;m;Slovene
viljo;m;Finnish
vilko;m;Slovene
ville;m;Finnish
villem;m;Estonian
vilma;f;Spanish
vilmar;m;Swedish
vilmos;m;Hungarian
vilppu;m;Finnish
viltautas;m;Lithuanian
vimal;m;Indian
vimala;f;Indian
vin;m;English
vina;f;Indian
vinal;m;English (Rare)
vinay;m;Indian
vince;m;English
vincenc;m;Czech
vincent;m;English
vincentas;m;Lithuanian
vincente;m;Italian
vincentius;m;Late Roman
vincenza;f;Italian
vincenzo;m;Italian
vinh;m;Vietnamese
vinicio;m;Italian
vinicius;m;Ancient Roman
vinka;f;Croatian
vinko;m;Croatian
vinnie;m;English
vinny;m;English
vinzent;m;German
vinzenz;m;German
viola;f;English
violante;f;Late Roman
violet;f;English
violeta;f;Romanian
violetta;f;Italian
violette;f;French
viona;f;English (Rare)
viorel;m;Romanian
viorica;f;Romanian
vipin;m;Indian
vipul;m;Indian
vira;f;Ukrainian
virgee;f;English
virgie;f;English
virgil;m;English
virgilijus;m;Lithuanian
virgilio;m;Italian
virgiliu;m;Romanian
virgilius;m;Late Roman
virginia;f;English
virginie;f;French
viriato;m;Portuguese
virva;f;Finnish
vishal;m;Indian
vishnu;m;Indian
vissarion;m;Russian
visvaldas;m;Lithuanian
visvaldis;m;Latvian
vita;f;Ancient Roman
vitale;m;Italian
vitali;m;Russian
vitalia;f;Italian (Rare)
vitalija;f;Lithuanian
vitalijus;m;Lithuanian
vitalik;m;Russian
vitalis;m;Late Roman
vitaliy;m;Russian
vitaliya;f;Russian
vitaly;m;Russian
vito;m;Italian
vitomir;m;Croatian
vitor;m;Galician
vittore;m;Italian
vittoria;f;Italian
vittorino;m;Italian
vittorio;m;Italian
vitus;m;Ancient Roman
vitya;m;Russian
vivek;m;Indian
viveka;f;Swedish
vivi;f;Danish
vivian;m;English
viviana;f;Italian
viviane;f;French
vivianne;f;French
vivianus;m;Late Roman
vivienne;f;French
viviette;f;English (Rare)
vivyan;f;English (Rare)
vjeko;m;Croatian
vjekoslav;m;Croatian
vjekoslava;f;Croatian
vjera;f;Croatian
vlad;m;Russian
vladan;m;Serbian
vladilen;m;Russian
vladimer;m;Georgian
vladimeru;m;Medieval Slavic
vladimir;m;Russian
vladimira;f;Slovene
vladimiras;m;Lithuanian
vladislav;m;Russian
vladislava;f;Russian
vladlen;m;Russian
vlado;m;Croatian
vlaho;m;Croatian
vlasi;m;Russian
vlasis;m;Greek
vlasiy;m;Russian
vlassis;m;Greek
vlasta;f;Czech
vlastimil;m;Czech
vlastimila;f;Czech
vlastimir;m;Serbian
vlastislav;m;Czech
vlatka;f;Croatian
vlatko;m;Croatian
voirrey;f;Manx
voitsekh;m;Medieval Slavic
voitto;m;Finnish
vojtech;m;Slovak
voldemaras;m;Lithuanian
volkan;m;Turkish
volker;m;German
volodimeru;m;Medieval Slavic
volodislavu;m;Medieval Slavic
volodya;m;Russian
volodymyr;m;Ukrainian
volos;m;Slavic Mythology
volya;m;Russian (Rare)
vonda;f;English
vortigern;m;History
vosgi;m;Armenian
voski;m;Armenian
vova;m;Russian
vratislav;m;Czech
vreni;f;German
vsevolod;m;Russian
vugar;m;Azerbaijani
vuk;m;Serbian
vulcan;m;Roman Mythology
vulferam;m;Ancient Germanic
vulfgang;m;Ancient Germanic
vuokko;f;Finnish
vural;m;Turkish
vyacheslav;m;Russian
vytautas;m;Lithuanian
wade;m;English
wadud;m;Arabic
wafai;m;Arabic
wafi;m;Arabic
wafiya;f;Arabic
waheed;m;Arabic
waheeda;f;Arabic
wahid;m;Arabic
wahida;f;Arabic
wahyu;m;Indonesian
wakana;f;Japanese
walahfrid;m;Ancient Germanic
walburga;f;German
waldeburg;f;Ancient Germanic
waldedrudis;f;Ancient Germanic
waldek;m;Polish
waldemar;m;German
waldhar;m;Ancient Germanic
waldo;m;English
waldobert;m;Ancient Germanic
waldomar;m;Ancient Germanic
walenty;m;Polish
walentyna;f;Polish
waleria;f;Polish
walerian;m;Polish
walery;m;Polish
walganus;m;Arthurian Romance
walherich;m;Ancient Germanic
walid;m;Arabic
walker;m;English
wallace;m;English
wallis;m;English (Rare)
wally;m;English
walt;m;English
walter;m;English
walther;m;German
walton;m;English
waltraud;f;German
wanda;f;Polish
wandal;m;Ancient Germanic
wandalin;m;Ancient Germanic
wangi;f;Indonesian
wapasha;m;Native American
waqar;m;Arabic
ward;m;English
wardell;m;English
warin;m;Ancient Germanic
warinhari;m;Ancient Germanic
warner;m;English
warren;m;English
warrick;m;English (Rare)
warwick;m;English (Rare)
washington;m;English
washti;f;Biblical Hebrew
wasi;m;Arabic
wasim;m;Arabic
wassim;m;Arabic
wasswa;m;Eastern African
wasyl;m;Ukrainian
wasylyna;f;Ukrainian
wat;m;English
wate;m;Frisian
watse;m;Frisian
wattana;m;Thai
wawrzyniec;m;Polish
wayland;m;English
waylon;m;English
wayna;m;Native American
wayne;m;English
wayra;m;Native American
webster;m;English
wei;m;Chinese
wekesa;m;Eastern African
weland;m;Germanic Mythology
weldon;m;English
wen;m;Chinese
wenceslas;m;History
wenceslaus;m;History
wenda;f;English (Rare)
wendel;m;German
wendelin;m;German
wendell;m;English
wendi;f;English
wendy;f;English
wenona;f;English (Rare)
wenonah;f;English (Rare)
wenzel;m;German
wenzeslaus;m;German
wera;f;Polish
werdheri;m;Ancient Germanic
werknesh;f;Eastern African
werner;m;German
weronika;f;Polish
werther;m;German
wes;m;English
wesley;m;English
wessel;m;Frisian
westley;m;English
weston;m;English
wetzel;m;German
whetu;f;Maori
whitaker;m;English (Rare)
whitney;m;English
wibawa;m;Indonesian
wibke;f;German
wibo;m;Frisian
wickaninnish;m;Native American
widad;f;Arabic
widald;m;Ancient Germanic
wide;m;Frisian
wido;m;Ancient Germanic
wiebe;m;Frisian
wiebke;f;Frisian
wieland;m;German
wigberht;m;Anglo-Saxon
wigbrand;m;Ancient Germanic
wigburg;f;Ancient Germanic
wigheard;m;Anglo-Saxon
wigmar;m;Ancient Germanic
wigmund;m;Anglo-Saxon
wigstan;m;Anglo-Saxon
wikolia;f;Hawaiian
wiktor;m;Polish
wiktoria;f;Polish
wil;m;English
wilbert;m;Dutch
wilbur;m;English
wilburg;f;Anglo-Saxon
wilburh;f;Anglo-Saxon
wilburn;m;English
wilda;f;English
wiley;m;English
wilf;m;English
wilford;m;English
wilfred;m;English
wilfreda;f;English (Rare)
wilfredo;m;Spanish
wilfrid;m;English
wilfried;m;German
wilfrith;m;Anglo-Saxon (Latinized)
wilheard;m;Anglo-Saxon
wilhelm;m;German
wilhelmina;f;Dutch
wilhelmine;f;German
wilhelmus;m;Dutch
wilkie;m;English
wilkin;m;Medieval English
wilky;m;Medieval English
will;m;English
willa;f;English
willabert;m;Ancient Germanic
willahelm;m;Ancient Germanic
willamar;m;Ancient Germanic
willard;m;English
willem;m;Dutch
willemijn;f;Dutch
willemina;f;Dutch
willi;m;German
william;m;English
willie;m;English
willifrid;m;Ancient Germanic
willihard;m;Ancient Germanic
willis;m;English
willoughby;m;English (Rare)
willow;f;English (Modern)
willy;m;English
wilma;f;German
wilmer;m;English
wilmot;m;Medieval English
wilson;m;English
wilton;m;English
wim;m;Dutch
wincenty;m;Polish
windsor;m;English (Rare)
wine;m;Anglo-Saxon
winfred;m;English
winfried;m;German
winfrith;m;Anglo-Saxon (Latinized)
winifred;f;Welsh
winifrid;m;Ancient Germanic
winnie;f;English
winnifred;f;Welsh
winoc;m;Breton
winona;f;English
winslow;m;English (Rare)
winston;m;English
winter;f;English (Modern)
winthrop;m;English
winton;m;English
wiola;f;Polish
wioleta;f;Polish
wioletta;f;Polish
wira;m;Indonesian
wiremu;m;Maori
wischard;m;Old Norman
wisdom;m;English (Rare)
wit;m;Polish
witold;m;Polish
wob;m;Frisian
wobbe;m;Frisian
wodan;m;Germanic Mythology
woden;m;Anglo-Saxon Mythology
wojciech;m;Polish
wojciecha;f;Polish
wojtek;m;Polish
wolf;m;German
wolfe;m;English (Rare)
wolfgang;m;German
wolfram;m;German
wolodymyr;m;Ukrainian
wolter;m;Dutch
woodrow;m;English
woody;m;English
wook;m;Korean
worknesh;f;Eastern African
wotan;m;Germanic Mythology
wouter;m;Dutch
wren;f;English (Rare)
wright;m;English
wu;m;Chinese
wubbe;m;Frisian
wulan;f;Indonesian
wulf;m;German
wulfric;m;Anglo-Saxon
wulfsige;m;Anglo-Saxon
wulfstan;m;Anglo-Saxon
wullem;m;Limburgish
wum;m;Limburgish
wyatt;m;English
wybert;m;Medieval English
wymond;m;Medieval English
wyn;m;Welsh
wynfor;m;Welsh
wynn;m;Welsh
wynona;f;English
wynonna;f;English (Rare)
wynter;f;English (Rare)
wyot;m;Medieval English
wystan;m;English (Rare)
xabi;m;Basque
xabier;m;Basque
xande;m;Portuguese
xander;m;Dutch
xandinho;m;Portuguese
xandra;f;Dutch
xanthe;f;Greek Mythology
xanthia;f;English (Rare)
xanthippe;f;Ancient Greek
xanti;m;Basque
xaver;m;German
xavi;m;Catalan
xavia;f;English (Rare)
xavier;m;English
xaviera;f;English (Rare)
xavior;m;English (Rare)
xena;f;Popular Culture
xene;f;Greek
xenia;f;Greek
xeno;f;Ancient Greek
xenocrates;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
xenon;m;Ancient Greek
xenophon;m;Ancient Greek
xerxes;m;History
xiang;m;Chinese
ximena;f;Spanish
ximeno;m;Medieval Spanish
ximo;m;Catalan
ximun;m;Basque
xiomara;f;Spanish
xiu;f;Chinese
xoana;f;Galician
xochilt;f;Spanish
xochipilli;m;Aztec and Toltec Mythology
xochiquetzal;f;Aztec and Toltec Mythology
xochitl;f;Native American
xolani;m;Southern African
xuan;m;Spanish
xue;m;Chinese
xun;m;Chinese
xurxo;m;Galician
xylia;f;?
xzavier;m;English (Modern)
ya;f;Chinese
yaa;f;Western African
yaakov;m;Hebrew
yaara;f;Hebrew
yachin;m;Hebrew
yachna;f;Hebrew
yadira;f;Spanish (Latin American)
yadon;m;Biblical Hebrew
yael;f;Hebrew
yaen;f;Hebrew
yafa;f;Hebrew
yafe;m;Hebrew
yaffa;f;Hebrew
yaffe;m;Hebrew
yago;m;Spanish
yahveh;m;Theology
yahweh;m;Theology
yahya;m;Arabic
yair;m;Hebrew
yakim;m;Russian
yakira;f;Hebrew
yakiv;m;Ukrainian
yakov;m;Hebrew
yakub;m;Arabic
yakup;m;Turkish
yale;m;Welsh
yam;m;Near Eastern Mythology
yama;m;Indian
yamanu;m;Egyptian Mythology
yamato;m;Japanese
yami;f;Indian
yamikani;m;Southern African
yamila;f;Spanish (Latin American)
yamuna;f;Indian
yan;m;Bulgarian
yana;f;Bulgarian
yancy;m;English
yanick;m;Breton
yaniv;m;Hebrew
yankel;m;Yiddish
yanko;m;Bulgarian
yann;m;Breton
yanna;f;Greek
yanni;m;Greek
yannic;m;Breton
yannick;m;Breton
yannis;m;Greek
yaqoob;m;Arabic
yaqub;m;Arabic
yarden;m;Hebrew
yardena;f;Hebrew
yared;m;Biblical Hebrew
yarognev;m;Medieval Slavic
yaromil;m;Medieval Slavic
yaromir;m;Medieval Slavic
yaron;m;Hebrew
yarona;f;Hebrew
yaropolk;m;Medieval Slavic
yaroslav;m;Russian
yaroslava;m;Russian
yasamin;f;Persian
yasen;m;Bulgarian
yaser;m;Persian
yash;m;Indian
yasha;m;Russian
yasin;m;Arabic
yasir;m;Arabic
yasmeen;f;Persian
yasmin;f;Persian
yasmina;f;Persian
yasmine;f;Persian
yasser;m;Arabic
yasu;m;Japanese
yavor;m;Bulgarian
yavuz;m;Turkish
yaw;m;Western African
yazmin;f;English (Modern)
yechezkel;m;Hebrew
yedidah;f;Biblical Hebrew
yedidyah;m;Biblical Hebrew
yefet;m;Biblical Hebrew
yefim;m;Russian
yefrem;m;Russian
yegor;m;Russian
yehiel;m;Hebrew
yehochanan;m;Biblical Hebrew
yehonatan;m;Hebrew
yehoram;m;Biblical Hebrew
yehoshafat;m;Biblical Hebrew
yehoshua;m;Hebrew
yehowah;m;Theology
yehoyakhin;m;Biblical Hebrew
yehoyakim;m;Biblical Hebrew
yehudah;m;Hebrew
yehudi;m;Hebrew
yehudit;f;Hebrew
yejide;f;Western African
yekaterina;f;Russian
yelena;f;Russian
yelizaveta;f;Russian
yelyzaveta;f;Ukrainian
yemelyan;m;Russian
yemima;f;Hebrew
yenifer;f;Spanish (Latin American)
yenny;f;Spanish (Latin American)
yente;f;Yiddish
yentl;f;Yiddish
yeong;m;Korean
yered;m;Biblical Hebrew
yeriyahu;m;Biblical Hebrew
yermolai;m;Russian
yerushah;f;Biblical Hebrew
yeruslan;m;Folklore
yesenia;f;Spanish (Latin American)
yesfir;f;Russian
yeshua;m;Biblical Hebrew
yessenia;f;Spanish (Latin American)
yessica;f;Spanish
yeter;f;Turkish
yeva;f;Russian
yevdokiya;f;Russian
yevgen;m;Ukrainian
yevgeni;m;Russian
yevgeniy;m;Russian
yevgeniya;f;Russian
yevgeny;m;Russian
yevhen;m;Ukrainian
yevheniy;m;Ukrainian
yevheniya;f;Ukrainian
yevpraksiya;f;Russian
yewande;f;Western African
yezekael;m;Breton
yi;m;Chinese
yianni;m;Greek
yiannis;m;Greek
yidel;m;Yiddish
yiftach;m;Biblical Hebrew
yima;m;Persian Mythology
yin;f;Chinese
yiorgos;m;Greek
yirmiyahu;m;Biblical Hebrew
yishai;m;Hebrew
yishmeray;m;Biblical Hebrew
yiskah;f;Biblical Hebrew
yissakhar;m;Hebrew
yitzhak;m;Hebrew
ylli;m;Albanian
yllka;f;Albanian
ylva;f;Swedish
yngvar;m;Norwegian
yngvarr;m;Ancient Scandinavian
yngve;m;Swedish
yngvi;m;Norse Mythology
yngvildr;f;Ancient Scandinavian
yoan;m;Bulgarian
yoana;f;Bulgarian
yoav;m;Hebrew
yochanan;m;Hebrew
yocheved;f;Hebrew
yoel;m;Hebrew
yoko;f;Japanese
yolanda;f;Spanish
yolande;f;French
yolonda;f;English
yonah;m;Hebrew
yonatan;m;Hebrew
yonca;f;Turkish
yong;m;Chinese
yoni;m;Hebrew
yonina;f;Hebrew
yonit;f;Hebrew
yoon;m;Korean
yoram;m;Hebrew
yorath;m;Welsh
yordan;m;Bulgarian
yordana;f;Bulgarian
yordanka;f;Bulgarian
yorgos;m;Greek
yori;m;Japanese
yorick;m;Literature
york;m;English
yosef;m;Hebrew
yoshi;m;Japanese
yoshiko;f;Japanese
yoshiro;m;Japanese
yoshirou;m;Japanese
yoshiyahu;m;Biblical Hebrew
yosif;m;Bulgarian
yosyp;m;Ukrainian
yotam;m;Biblical Hebrew
youko;f;Japanese
young;m;Korean
yousef;m;Arabic
youssef;m;Arabic
youta;m;Japanese
yrian;m;Medieval Scandinavian
ysabel;f;Spanish (Archaic)
yseult;f;French
ysolt;f;Celtic Mythology
yu;m;Chinese
yua;f;Japanese
yuda;m;Indonesian
yudel;m;Yiddish
yui;f;Japanese
yuina;f;Japanese
yuki;m;Japanese
yukiko;f;Japanese
yuko;f;Japanese
yulduz;f;Uzbek
yuli;m;Russian
yulia;f;Russian
yulian;m;Russian
yuliana;f;Russian
yulianna;f;Russian
yuliy;m;Russian
yuliya;f;Russian
yumi;f;Japanese
yumiko;f;Japanese
yunus;m;Arabic
yura;m;Russian
yuriy;m;Russian
yusef;m;Arabic
yushua;m;Arabic
yusra;f;Arabic
yussel;m;Yiddish
yustina;f;Russian
yusuf;m;Arabic
yusup;m;Uyghur
yutke;f;Yiddish
yuu;m;Japanese
yuudai;m;Japanese
yuuka;f;Japanese
yuuki;m;Japanese
yuuko;f;Japanese
yuuma;m;Japanese
yuuna;f;Japanese
yuuta;m;Japanese
yuuto;m;Japanese
yuval;m;Hebrew
yuzuki;f;Japanese
yvain;m;Arthurian Romance
yves;m;French
yvette;f;French
yvo;m;German
yvon;m;French
yvonne;f;French
ywain;m;Arthurian Romance
zaahira;f;Arabic
zaal;m;Georgian
zabel;f;Armenian
zaboulon;m;Biblical Greek
zabulon;m;Biblical Latin
zac;m;English
zacchaeus;m;Biblical
zaccharias;m;Biblical Latin
zach;m;English
zachariah;m;English
zacharias;m;Biblical
zachariasz;m;Polish
zacharie;m;French
zachary;m;English
zachery;m;English
zack;m;English
zackary;m;English
zackery;m;English
zadok;m;Biblical
zahara;f;Hebrew
zahari;m;Bulgarian
zaharina;f;Bulgarian
zaharinka;f;Bulgarian
zahi;m;Arabic
zahia;f;Arabic
zahid;m;Arabic
zahida;f;Arabic
zahir;m;Arabic
zahira;f;Arabic
zahra;f;Arabic
zahrah;f;Arabic
zaid;m;Arabic
zaida;f;Arabic
zain;m;Arabic
zaina;f;Arabic
zainab;f;Arabic
zaira;f;Italian
zak;m;English
zakaria;m;Georgian
zakariya;m;Arabic
zakariyya;m;Arabic
zakhar;m;Russian
zaki;m;Arabic
zakiah;f;Arabic
zakiya;f;Arabic
zakiyya;f;Arabic
zal;m;Persian Mythology
zala;f;Slovene
zalman;m;Yiddish
zalmon;m;Biblical
zaman;m;Arabic
zan;m;Chinese
zander;m;English (Modern)
zandra;f;English
zane;m;English
zanna;f;English
zarah;m;Biblical
zaramama;f;Incan Mythology
zarathushtra;m;Ancient Persian
zarathustra;m;History
zaray;f;Arabic
zareen;f;Persian
zaria;f;English (Modern)
zarita;f;?
zartosht;m;Persian
zavanna;f;English (Rare)
zavia;f;English (Rare)
zavier;m;English (Modern)
zaxaria;m;Old Church Slavic
zayd;m;Arabic
zayn;m;Arabic
zayna;f;Arabic
zaynab;f;Arabic
zbignev;m;Medieval Slavic
zbigniew;m;Polish
zdena;f;Czech
zdenka;f;Slovak
zdenko;m;Slovak
zdeno;m;Slovak
zdeslav;m;Croatian
zdislav;m;Czech
zdislava;f;Czech
zdravka;f;Croatian
zdravko;m;Croatian
zebadiah;m;Biblical
zebedaios;m;Biblical Greek
zebedee;m;Biblical
zebulon;m;Biblical
zebulun;m;Biblical
zechariah;m;Biblical
zed;m;English
zedekiah;m;Biblical
zeev;m;Hebrew
zef;m;Dutch
zeferino;m;Portuguese
zehra;f;Turkish
zeinab;f;Persian
zeke;m;English
zekharyah;m;Biblical Hebrew
zelde;f;Yiddish
zelig;m;Yiddish
zelimkhan;m;Chechen
zella;f;German
zelma;f;English
zelophehad;m;Biblical
zelpha;f;Biblical Latin
zemfira;f;Tatar
zena;f;English
zenaida;f;Late Greek
zenais;f;Ancient Greek
zenia;f;?
zeno;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
zenobia;f;Ancient Greek
zenobios;m;Ancient Greek
zenon;m;Ancient Greek
zenovia;f;Greek
zenzi;f;German
zeph;m;English
zephania;m;Southern African
zephaniah;m;Biblical
zephyr;m;Greek Mythology (Anglicized)
zephyra;f;?
zephyrinus;m;Late Roman
zephyros;m;Greek Mythology
zephyrus;m;Greek Mythology (Latinized)
zerach;m;Biblical Hebrew
zerachiel;m;Judeo-Christian Legend
zerah;m;Biblical
zeru;m;Basque
zeta;f;?
zeus;m;Greek Mythology
zev;m;Hebrew
zevadyah;m;Biblical Hebrew
zevulun;m;Biblical Hebrew
zeynab;f;Azerbaijani
zeynep;f;Turkish
zhaklina;f;Macedonian
zhaleh;f;Persian
zhanna;f;Russian
zhannochka;f;Russian
zharko;m;Macedonian
zhelimir;m;Medieval Slavic
zhelyazko;m;Bulgarian
zhen;f;Chinese
zheng;m;Chinese
zhenya;m;Russian
zhi;m;Chinese
zhirayr;m;Armenian
zhivka;f;Bulgarian
zhivko;m;Bulgarian
zhong;m;Chinese
zhou;m;Chinese
zhubin;m;Persian
zhyrgal;m;Kyrgyz
zia;m;Arabic
ziad;m;Arabic
ziauddin;m;Arabic
zibiah;f;Biblical
ziemowit;m;Polish
zifa;f;Tatar
zigor;m;Basque
zikmund;m;Czech
zilla;f;German
zillah;f;Biblical
zilpah;f;Biblical
zimri;m;Biblical
zina;f;Russian
zinaida;f;Russian
zinat;f;Arabic
zinnia;f;English (Rare)
zinon;m;Greek
zinovia;f;Greek
zinoviy;m;Russian
zinoviya;f;Russian
zion;m;Jewish
zipporah;f;Biblical
zisel;f;Yiddish
ziska;f;German
ziv;m;Hebrew
ziva;f;Hebrew
zivit;f;Hebrew
ziya;m;Arabic
ziyad;m;Arabic
zlata;f;Croatian
zlatan;m;Croatian
zlatica;f;Croatian
zlatko;m;Croatian
zlota;f;Jewish (Rare)
zoe;f;English
zoey;f;English (Modern)
zofia;f;Polish
zohar;m;Hebrew
zoie;f;English (Modern)
zoja;f;Polish
zona;f;Various
zopyros;m;Ancient Greek
zora;f;Czech
zoraida;f;Spanish
zoran;m;Croatian
zorana;f;Croatian
zorica;f;Serbian
zorion;m;Basque
zorione;f;Basque
zorka;f;Czech
zornitsa;f;Bulgarian
zoroaster;m;History
zosia;f;Polish
zosime;f;Ancient Greek
zosimos;m;Ancient Greek
zosimus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
zoticus;m;Ancient Greek (Latinized)
zotikos;m;Ancient Greek
zowie;f;English (Rare)
zoya;f;Russian
zrinka;f;Croatian
zsanett;f;Hungarian
zsazsa;f;Hungarian
zsiga;m;Hungarian
zsigmond;m;Hungarian
zsolt;m;Hungarian
zsuzsa;f;Hungarian
zsuzsanna;f;Hungarian
zsuzsi;f;Hungarian
zuan;m;Medieval Italian
zubaida;f;Arabic
zuberi;m;Eastern African
zubin;m;Persian
zulaykha;f;Arabic
zuleika;f;Literature
zulekha;f;Arabic
zulfaqar;m;Arabic
zulfikar;m;Arabic
zulfiqar;m;Arabic
zurab;m;Georgian
zuri;f;Eastern African
zuriel;m;Biblical
zusa;f;Yiddish
zusman;m;Yiddish
zuza;f;Slovak
zuzana;f;Czech
zuzanka;f;Czech
zuzanna;f;Polish
zuzen;m;Basque
zuzia;f;Polish
zuzka;f;Czech
zvezdana;f;Serbian
zvi;m;Hebrew
zviad;m;Georgian
zviadi;m;Georgian
zvjezdana;f;Croatian
zvonimir;m;Croatian
zvonimira;f;Croatian
zvonko;m;Croatian
zyanya;f;Native American
zygfryd;m;Polish
zygmunt;m;Polish
zyta;f;Polish